Well, thank you for those of you joining us on our second maiden voyage of Tech Edge.
Here it is, April already, and we want to thank you for attending.
We are going to be a very prompt group for this webinar from here on forward, and we're
going to kick it off now.
So thank you for attending.
Today, we're going to be talking about pricing, or if I screw up badly, how quickly I can
go out of business.
We're going to be focusing on the basics of the ETail pricing and repricing module with
over 100 million Prime users out there today, always on the hunt for a bargain.
Even the slightest mistake in pricing can be disastrous for many merchants and sellers.
So today, we're not going to go to the next slide yet, but James and I are going to be
once again your host.
Thank you for attending.
We're going to be going through why you want or need to reprice in the e-commerce sphere
of influence.
Why is this important?
This is as important as any module we have.
James is going to go through the actual, let's break this apart into basic steps that we
can walk through for any of those that are not super familiar with our pricing module.
From there, we'll talk about some practical applications of it and some already existing
ways to put this into your business environment immediately.
Then we'll get into the question and answer session, and those can come up starting almost
now, and when appropriate, I will ask them during that section of the webinar, otherwise
we'll leave them towards the end, and then we'll talk a little bit about next month
and what's going on in Tech Edge.
The one thing I do want to remind you right here and now is there will be a survey at
the end.
We would love to get your feedback.
Also you get a survey quarterly for me, Tal.
Please fill that out.
You may have filled that out in the past, but we still want to see you do it every month
to see if we're improving or if we're not.
Also while we already have our session picked out for next month, it's going to be your
chance to give us some feedback on where you would like us to go.
E-commerce is not just about revenue.
It's not just about whether you win or lose the buy box.
It's also about protecting your margins.
For those of you that are golfers, you may be familiar with the slogan, you drive for
show but putt for dough.
In e-commerce is revenue is vanity, profit is sanity, and cash is king.
It's all about making sure that we're profitable.
I'll be your host again, and I'm happy to be here with you, and then I have with
me my partner, James Davis, our subject matter expert, and some of yours, a customer success
manager from ETL, and he's going to be taking you through the rest of today.
But always, always, always.
Please questions, questions, questions.
If we're not answering your questions, we're not sure that we're giving you the right
information, and our one primary goal here is to help you get better.
So with that, let's get started.
We're always going to remind you, why are we here?
It really is.
It isn't about tickets, yes, it's about tickets, but did we help you grow this month?
Did we help you get more profitable this month?
I know we've helped several of our clients by going through and saying, we're selling
a lot, are we optimized for profitability, and we've had some great results recently.
Ask your CSM about those kind of working with us.
And James, now it's you.
As Jeff mentioned, the first topic we're really going to dive into is how to think about re-pricing
in the e-commerce space.
What are the things to be thinking about as you're strategizing at a high level before you
get into the weeds of policies and lookup tables?
So the first thing you want to think about is, am I competing on a competitive marketplace
where there's other sellers, marketplaces like Amazon or Walmart, where you're not the
only seller on that listing, and you're all competing for some version of a buy place?
Or are you re-pricing on an independent marketplace like eBay or Shopify where you don't have other
competitors that the buyer can kind of compare around and other competitors that drive price
changes?
So that's a very high level thing to consider when you're approaching, how do I re-price?
What type of marketplace are you on?
The next most important thing to think about and understand is, what is your business's
competitive differentiator that allows you to get an edge on re-pricing?
If you're a reseller and there's 12 other people selling the same product, how do you
get a competitive differentiator?
It could be latency, it could be your seller ring, it could be your ability to get inventory
at a premium cost that allows you to have a lower floor than your competitors while
still making a healthy margin.
But really understanding what allows you to be set apart from the rest.
Do you have an exclusive brand deal so you're the only person who should be selling?
There's a lot of different ways you can get a competitive differentiator, but you want
to understand what you have in your toolkit to give you a competitive edge.
And those are going to be very specific to what your business can achieve with your
relationships with your suppliers, your manufacturers, and so forth.
The next variable to really consider because it feeds directly into re-pricing is shipping
cost and latency.
Do you have accurate weight or dim data?
Are your shipping cost estimates as accurate as possible?
Is your latency as accurate as possible because latency is going to drive your appeal to buyers.
Obviously if it's a great price, but I have to wait a month, I'm not interested because
if I'm on e-commerce, I want it now, I want it in two days.
And then with shipping cost, the more accurate you can generate an estimated shipping cost,
the better you can get at squeezing your margin, maximizing your margin, knowing where
your profit potential is.
Shipping cost is driven off of weight data and dim data.
Dim data is always preferred because a lot of carriers will use dim weight over flat weight.
And again, that lets you get to a more accurate estimated shipping cost.
James, we already have our first question.
What are some of the ways to improve the accuracy of my shipping costs?
Can I get my shipping costs from my carriers?
So there's two general approaches to getting an accurate shipping cost.
The ideal method is to get your shipping rates from your carriers.
You can typically reach out to your rep and they'll send you an Excel spreadsheet which
has all of your negotiated rates and replicating those in EVP as shipping cost models.
There is some documentation on the Help Center about shipping cost models that you can reference,
but you're essentially replicating your fulfillment costs in shipping cost models that can then
be leveraged for estimated shipping.
The secondary method which is also utilized but slightly less ideal is to use a blended
rate table.
Look at your average shipping costs.
Generate a blended rate table that you know puts you above a minimum threshold.
The disadvantage of a blended rate table is, again, you're estimating on top of estimates
instead of replicating the actual costs with your rate tables.
But putting some time and effort into understanding your shipping cost model setup would be a
way to get more accurate shipping costs.
Great.
Thank you.
Also, if you're leveraging the native shipping workflow in EVP, we capture DIM data during
shipping label manifesting which can help you get accurate DIM data into the system.
Because you're leveraging supplier data which isn't as good as, hey, I put it in a box and
shipped it and this is how big it was, you know, that might be a slightly different than
what your supplier says.
So capturing that data in that way is also very effective.
The next piece of advice I give a lot of my clients is you are the masters of your
catalog.
I as a CSM can get to know your catalog, but you're going to have the most intimate
relationship with it.
You want to be able to look at your catalog at a macro level in terms of large category
sets.
For example, this break kits can come in the range of 1,000 SKUs.
It's more prudent to tackle those at a macro level.
How do I want all of these repricing versus going how does an individual break kit
reprice?
On the flip side, I may want to look at my top 20 selling items and really focus
individually on those SKUs and their repricing behavior.
But if I have 10,000 SKUs, I can't focus individually on each one.
So you need to be able to understand where it makes sense to slice and dice your
catalog in terms of large groups, individual SKUs, and sort of small subsets of
high volume SKUs.
So it really is a precursor to effective repricing is knowing where it makes sense
to slice and dice your catalog.
In the out of motive space, spark plugs, you typically need to be isolated
because of repricing nuances.
But there are many ways to understand the catalog and you will
understand it best, but you want to think about where do I need to isolate
items because they're very competitive and they're high volume and I need their
own repricing structure versus well, I can put these 25,000 items and look at
them at a macro level because they're slower volume, they are UPP price and
force, so there's not much options in terms of behavior, things like that.
But really understanding where it makes sense to group your catalog is
very important.
The trap many people call them to is I'm going to focus on individual SKUs only and
they never back up into the macro level.
And these are all great topics to go over with your CSM and go, how would you break
up my catalog?
How do I identify those top selling products, whether it's the top 20 or the top 5 or 10%?
Let's go in and take a look at your catalog together and find those areas where we can
have the biggest impact on your business.
You have a lot of reports available to identify that information, but it's important to have
an idea of those nuances as you're going into what am I doing with repricing.
Having business objectives is a really good goal.
Oftentimes I ask clients what the results they are looking for and they say I want
to win the buy box.
While that is a business objective, it's very generic and hard to sort of measure success
again.
So you can look at your buy box percent, but I encourage people to go, I want to sell 10%
more of this product category this month than last month.
Or I want to generate sales via having products on a discount to see the, you know, maybe
I sell it at a lower margin, but I'm selling more of it.
So I end up with a higher total profit, but having a defined business objective that can
be a measure of success is good and getting away from the obsession of the buy box.
It's important to win the buy box, but you want to apply strategies in such a way that
the outcome isn't just you're in the buy box because you can have the buy box and
not make sales just as easily as you can have the buy box and make sales.
So defining your business objective is a good place to start at the beginning of this process.
You can win the buy box and lose money.
Yes, you can win the buy box and lose money and that's, you know, another good example
of what's your objective really is selling more of this product, improving your margin
on this product and increasing volume of a certain subset of products.
The next thing I encourage customers to do, your clients to do is to always be monitoring
the competition.
There's a million different repricers out there, but they're all based on the same
technology and what you will find is you'll apply a strategy.
It may drive sales up for a week, a month, a quarter, but at some point your competitors
repricer will capture what you're doing and apply a counter strategy.
And so it's never good to set up strategies in Q1 and forget about them.
It requires constant monitoring and analysis and making adjustments.
And so looking at what your competitors are doing can help you understand where those
adjustments may need to occur.
But again, it's important to understand what the competition is doing to your price and
whether it's important to respond to their price events or maybe you want to ignore them
because they're just manipulating your price, but you have to kind of understand what they're
doing.
And then again, analyzing and adjusting.
I always making a change to repricing, giving it two to three weeks to see the behavior and
then making adjustments.
But you want to constantly be reviewing and adjusting and I'll show you how you can do
that effectively shortly.
But again, these are the high level mindsets and considerations you should have as you
approach repricing and e-commerce.
So the repricing basics and EVP.
The very first thing you're going to start with is selection criteria.
Then there's some basic configuration that must be in place to allow automatic repricing
to occur.
Go over what a pricing formula is and what its functions are and some of the options you
have there.
Some basic price policy configuration options that can affect behavior.
Then I'll discuss controllers and triggers and their functions.
AppTables is a currently under leveraged feature, which I will explain how it works in tandem
with pricing formula to achieve a lot of complexity and nuance in a very simple structure.
And lastly, I will discuss the repricing result screen, which needs to be leveraged
to do that analysis and adjustment.
So selection criteria is used in various parts of the system in EVP, but what it is is it's
a logic statement that defines a group of SKUs.
And the reason it's important to have a grasp on how selection criteria can work and how
simple or nuanced it can get is because many times a client will approach me and say,
I want these items to reprice them this way.
And the first question I ask is, how do I identify those items systematically with
selection criteria?
I can obviously go through 10,000 SKUs and assign them manually, but that is ineffective.
So you need to be able to identify groups of SKUs with selection criteria.
This example on the screen is very simple.
It's just saying an Amazon record exists.
I match that criteria if that's true.
But I can get as nuanced as it weighs greater than a certain amount, has a certain manufacturer
and a certain supplier record is present.
So your ability to nuance selection criteria defines your ability to nuance your pricing
policies.
It's important to familiarize yourselves with the options available.
I encourage you to present a scenario and then work with your CSM to get the selection
criteria correct.
But knowing the selection criteria limitations will help you from kind of putting out, oh,
I want to identify the items in this way.
It's not possible because selection criteria doesn't have that function.
So knowing the functions of selection criteria is important.
And then what selection criteria will do will automatically assign items to enabled policies.
So this checkbox is here.
It's also up in the corner over here on the full screen.
But if this box is checked and the other configuration options that I'll mention a
second there, we will use this selection criteria to assign an item to the policy.
So to allow automatic repricing, the following conditions must be true.
Automatic pricing must be enabled on the SKU.
That's right here.
This is enabled by default.
You can manipulate and adjust this using the bulk updater on the sales channel screen.
So if you want to disable a group of listings or enable a group of listings, you can do
it in bulk.
You don't have to go through individually.
A pricing policy with matching selection criteria must be enabled.
Again, the selection criteria is used to automatically assign an item.
So if it can't be assigned, then it can't be associated to a policy to use.
Most people will find they'll click reprice.
It'll say no matching price policy.
That means you don't have a selection criteria option that would meet that specific SKU.
So that's an important thing to have in place.
An item must have publishable inventory.
This is also important to know if there's no inventory to publish, then the system cannot
reprice due to the way the logic and EDP works and how the system kind of estimates
shipping and exposes inventory.
So it's important to make sure you have some exposed inventory if you are looking for repricing
to occur.
And then an item must have weight and or DIM data.
This is because a shipping cost has to be generated.
Technically you could have a shipping override as well.
But obviously the ideal is to have DIM data.
So DIM weight can be calculated and you can have the most accurate shipping costs.
And as I mentioned before, the more accurate your shipping cost, the more accurate and
tighter your margins can get.
James, it seems like while as robust and powerful as this is, if you just take a very structured
approach to it, you just can kind of follow the steps.
You know, clearly talk to your CSM, but it's pretty logical things that it's asking
for.
Yeah.
Then again, what I'm covering in this slide are the pillars.
Once you have a grasp of these concepts, you have background knowledge to engage in a meaningful
conversation with your CSM.
Yeah.
And I've talked to some of our clients that early on, they didn't have all their weight,
so they just threw some numbers in during implementation.
And you really do need to go back and check those and get good data in those selections.
Yeah.
Cash is king, but so is data.
There you go.
You want up to me.
Pricing formula, conceptually very basic.
Your floor and ceiling set the upper and lower price ranges and your target sets your
ideal price range.
Target is used on independent marketplaces like Shopify and eBay as a starting price.
I start there.
And then I may have mechanisms, which I'll cover in a sec, that drive the price up or
down, and I will never go below my floor above my ceiling.
Target is also used on competitive marketplaces like Amazon if you're the only person on
the ASIN.
If you're alone on an ASIN, we'll start at your target.
And then again, there may be functions that drive the price up or down.
Pricing policies utilize tokens.
Be familiar with the tokens available.
P tokens are dynamically looking up that variable for that skew at that specific
point in time, returning it to the formula and then doing the calculation.
So again, if I don't have accurate shipping cost estimates, I'm not going to be able
to have an accurate margin.
So that's why getting your shipping cost as accurate as possible is very important.
You know, and again, item cost, we'll look at the supplier channel or the
ETL channel that has the inventory exposed at that time, based on all of your
priorities, configuration for each location.
And again, that can be a big competitive differentiator is that I get the items at
a better cost.
Therefore, I can have a lower floor.
I can have a better price.
I can get more sales.
But each policy will have its own set of pricing formula, and they will all
utilize tokens and then basic order operation and math functions.
Some basic price policy configuration options to be aware of an EVP.
First, relative amount.
I'll cover seeking in a moment, but your two options for adjusting your price in a
competitive way are relative amount or you seek.
A relative amount is used on a collective marketplace.
And because there's other sellers, we can look at and make a price adjustment
based on their price.
So a relative amount on an Amazon price policy looks like this here.
And I can reprice by an amount or a percent based on the type of seller.
So if I'm competing against Amazon, I may want to just adjust by a penny because
Amazon's biased and will give themself the buy box.
But if I'm competing against a merchant, I may want to beat them by 10 cents
because I know that that range will kick them out of the buy box and give it to
me and then FBA.
Similar understanding the nuance of your FBA competition will let you know,
should I adjust by a lot, a little?
Should I maybe I price above FBA because my latency is better and that could be a
way to win the buy box.
And then this one down here is Walmart.
We have less information provided by Walmart, but we can still adjust the
price by a relative amount.
An important thing to understand here is if these numbers are positive,
I will adjust above.
So if I want to adjust below, I need to make sure these numbers are negative.
If they are at zero, then we match the price that the competitors have.
The second repricing configuration option that is available and you should be
aware of is price parity.
Simply put, price parity is where we copy the price on one channel and put it on another.
You can copy it and adjust it by an amount.
This has been used historically to allow marketplaces with competition to help
drive the price on marketplaces without competition.
For example, eBay has competitors, so the price is adjusting all the time.
eBay doesn't.
So I may have my eBay price be driven by what's occurring on Amazon.
And then within price policies, you'll see options to ignore price
parity if needed, but the general idea being that one marketplace doesn't have
price drivers and the other does.
And just like last month, all this information is going to be available so
that you can rewatch the webinar here.
You'll be able to go through the PowerPoints and James has prepared some
really good documentation that goes into these in a little bit greater depth to
partner with the digital assets that we are providing.
So I encourage you to rewatch this and then review the material.
As I did last time, I put out a series of questions that you should be able to
answer after reviewing the material and answering the questions demonstrates you
have the knowledge to understand the basics.
So you can A, take a stab at it yourself and B, independent self-enabled and B,
engage in a conversation with your CSM where they're not having to kind of go,
well, we can't achieve that in that way.
You need to ask it in a different way.
So one of the first more advanced functions of a pricing policy are controllers and triggers.
They're available on each policy on all channels.
A controller is a behavior.
So I want the price to behave in a certain way.
There are two options that are readily available and utilized.
One is seek, as I mentioned, you can either use a relative amount to adjust your
price based on what the other sellers are doing, or I can seek, which is simply
adjusting by an amount up or down over a fixed period of time.
Steep can be used on a marketplace like eBay where you don't have a price
driver, so I'm just seeking down until I start seeing sales or I'm seeking up
until my sales fall below a certain threshold.
The second controller option is hold, pretty self-explanatory.
If a policy has the hold controller set up, we hold that price.
I'll explain a bit more about some pricing policy loops that utilize that,
but essentially it's most heavily used when you want to hold a price such as
I've won the buy box, hold that price until I lose the buy box or an items on a
promotional, so I want it to hold the price so I get items into a policy and
then it just holds the price.
On top of controllers, we have triggers.
Triggers are a marketplace or price event.
Something happens on the marketplace or something happens in the EVP
that triggers a response, so a very obvious one is I win the buy box.
If I win the buy box, I want something to happen to the SKU in terms of how it's pricing.
The function of a trigger is that event occurs and the item is moved to a new policy,
so the idea being that if I'm seeking down for five hours, or in this case,
12 hours, I then want to move it to a new rule because if I haven't won the buy box
after seeking down for 12 hours, I want to apply a different strategy.
Maybe I use relative amount after that period of time, so it allows you to move items
in between different rules as these marketplace events occur,
and then in tandem with controllers, which affect price.
Couples look really interesting, James.
I like the idea of stock age.
If I've had something for 45, 60 days and I'm not seeing any movement on it
and I'm trying to manage 10,000 or 100,000 SKUs,
just let the system start pricing that so that I actually free up some inventory and capital.
Yeah, I'll cover it in a sec, but we've seen results with a FBA stock age loop,
so as your FBA inventory gets older, you offer it at a better price,
and that's been effective at selling the inventory as it ages.
Sales velocity is a big one, which I'll cover.
But again, being familiar with these options and what they do allows you to engage
in a meaningful conversation with the CSM and also enables you to kind of know,
this is what the system can do for me, and this is what it can't.
And so you apply strategies that are enforceable versus coming up with ideas
that you struggle to implement.
Two important notes about triggers.
Triggers can move items to policies that are not enabled.
So if you remember on the slide before, I said selection criteria is used
to assign items to policies that are enabled.
A policy can not have that checkbox and still be utilized,
but what that typically indicates is a trigger is moving a SKU to that policy
after it's been assigned via selection criteria.
So I have a default policy that captures the SKU selection criteria,
and then I have a trigger event which moves it to a policy that's not enabled.
So when you're looking at your repricing policies, don't necessarily think
because that checkbox is not there, it means the rule doesn't be used.
It could be that SKUs only get there because a trigger moved it there.
The second thing to understand and know is a trigger can move a SKU
to a policy with no formula.
In this scenario, the formula from the policy it moved from are inherited,
and this can be used in a number of ways.
But the main one is I define my floor, ceiling, and target within my default policy,
and then I may have a secondary default policy for a subcategory of products,
defining their floor, target, and ceiling.
Both those rules have triggers which move items into a SQL.
Now, the SQL doesn't have formula, so it doesn't redefine the target floor and ceiling,
and you don't need two different SQLs with formula
because they're being inherited as their move.
And again, work with your CSM, they can demonstrate this in some working examples,
but it is important to note, I have many people ask,
oh, that policy doesn't have formula, is it not working?
That may not be the case.
It may be that the expectation is the formula is inherited as the items move by a trigger.
Also, Ramon, remind everyone, keep those questions coming in
so that we have a very lively question and answer session at the end of this.
The lookup tables are the newest function that's been added to the repricing toolkit,
and it's utilized to determine your margin.
Historically, we found people setting up 20 different policies,
and the only reason they had 20 policies is they had some factor impacting the margin ranges,
oftentimes cost.
So you'd have a zero through 10 rule and a 10 through 15 and a 15 through 20 and 20.
And it was very difficult to manage 50 different rules for different cost ranges.
So we added lookup tables as a way to dynamically calculate margin based on SKU conditions.
So as you can see here in this formula, the margin is 0.9.
So I'm always going to calculate a 10% margin.
But as many of you know, I don't always need a 10% margin.
Sometimes I can get five, sometimes I need 20.
There's conditions around a SKU that kind of impact what margin is appropriate.
And so you can see in this formula, instead of having to fix number,
I have this big long string of text.
And all this is doing is telling the formula to look at a lookup table,
in this case, the margin floor table,
and then use the item cost to return a number.
So it allows you, again, to dynamically adjust your margin within a single price policy.
And this helps you have a simple pricing policy structure that's focused on behavior and response to events.
And then you let lookup tables handle all of the nuances of this impacts margin and that impacts margin.
So you first start off at a table, as I showed before, the table is defined in the formula.
So here I go to the floor margin.
I then look at a dimension.
Dimension is selection criteria.
Again, I emphasize this is why it's really important to know how selection criteria works
and what's capable and what's not capable of selection criteria.
Because in here is a very simple example.
I'm just looking at, am I selling it from my stock or am I selling it from my stock?
And then I'm able to return two different margin values depending on which condition is true.
The value column, I have a bigger screenshot of this slide, so you'll see it in a sec.
But this column says value.
This is the cost of the item.
This column is amount.
This will be the number returned to the formula based on which dimension path we went down
and based on what the cost of the item is at the time of repricing.
So again, we start with a table.
We identify which dimension the skew would match.
Again, this is all selection criteria based.
Then we return an amount based on a value.
And again, the goal here is that the factors and nuances that impact your margin are handled
in lookup tables so that your pricing policies can be, the number of pricing policy you need is reduced
and they're focused on price behavior and response to marketplace events rather than
handling margin, price behavior, and response to marketplace events.
So just to recap, you have a pricing policy that either is using controllers and triggers
relative amount of price parity to handle the behavior of your price on the marketplace.
And then you use lookup tables to dynamically adjust your margin within a price policy.
And when you have this set up and all the facets are working together, you have a really
powerful repricing toolkit that, while it might not seem simple at first, once you understand
each piece, it makes a lot of sense and it will click and you will go, oh, I need to
adjust my margin.
I'm going to my lookup table and I need to adjust my margin for stock, so I'm going
to go to the stock dimension and adjust those numbers.
Oh, I need to, I want to get more competitive with the rate I seek down.
Oh, I'm going to my price policy and adjusting my controller and setting the rate to be faster
or adding a policy that has a trigger that moves it and I have seek rate fast and seek
rate slow.
But again, you want to handle behavior and response in the price policy and the nuances
of margin and lookup tables.
And James, I think these webinars do a great job of highlighting, showcasing some of the
changes we've made to the software that maybe not all our clients are aware of and how
they can use it, a positive impact on their business to drive the revenue while still
protecting the margins.
Listen again, my goal here is to give you the knowledge to engage in a conversation while
also being, you know, self-sufficient with repricing.
There's no reason you can't be in control of your own destiny when it comes to repricing
an EVP.
I'm going to go through this last slide relatively quickly, but oftentimes what I find is people
are looking at the repricing results on the SKU and they're on the repricing tab of
the SKU.
This gives you very basic details and I don't encourage using that screen except to maybe
check a price.
You should train yourself to use the repricing results screen to understand repricing results
and do that analysis and adjust.
A pro tip to make that more efficient for you is to select a channel.
Each repricing results screen is channel dependent.
Set up filters and columns that make sense for analyzing a broad group of items or a
specific group of items on sale or items within a certain policy and then save those
views so that you can reference them later, that other team members can look at them and
not have to recreate your views.
The more views you have, the easier it will be for you to do that analysis and adjustment.
Some important metrics to look at on the repricing results screen, price changes,
cost changes.
Does the item have a UPP that's limiting my floor?
What is my floor and ceiling?
Could those be expanded?
What's the comparison price?
Is it way below my floor and then there's no reason I can't compete at all?
Is it within the realm of possibility that I compete with that price?
Who's the competitor?
It shows you the last re-price event, the shipping price used at the time of calculation.
Is that accurate?
Can that be adjusted?
Is there a reason it's not accurate, such as inaccurate DIMM data?
A really important one is price policy changes.
You will see the item moving between price policies and that really tells you the narrative
of how effectively your triggers and controllers are working.
An example would be I can work with your CSM to look at the repricing results screen
in your system because the data is client specific.
I haven't shown anything in terms of the details, but you can see a, oh, I won the
buy box.
And then I lost the buy box, so I started seeking down and I seek down to a certain price
and that got me the buy box.
And then I was in the buy box for an hour and I started seeking up.
You can see that narrative play out in the repricing results screen.
And so it's important to leverage this screen when you're doing that analysis.
As I mentioned-
James, a quick one that I think kind of fits in right there.
Why the commission is out of the formula and you put it at the end, I'm not sure.
He's talking about-
Well, we're going way back.
Right.
So he's talking about having a like plus commission here.
That's really a business decision.
But what that means is I'm not putting, I'm not, my total cost doesn't include commission.
So I find out my total cost, I figure out my margin based on those total costs, and then
I add my commission on top of that.
Because the commission could vary by where you're selling also.
Yes.
Alternatively, you could have permission be included in your total cost basis.
It's really a business decision on whether you handle commission as part of your total
cost basis or you add it at the end.
Some people offer free shipping, so they exclude the shipping cost token because they don't
need that in their price.
Or they take their item cost, adjust that by a margin, take their shipping cost, adjust
that by a margin.
And then, so it's just a nuance in the way you're calculating your margin and adding
on those additional variables.
So some examples of price policy and structures that I've set up that have been successful.
FBA Stockage Loop, very simply use the stockage trigger, move an item to a different policy
with the lower floor as the stockage increases.
Sales Velocity Seek Loop, you utilize the sales velocity trigger.
You set an upper and lower threshold for what you consider high and low sales.
If you have low sales, you move your seek down policy.
And if you have high sales, you move your seek up, either trying to lower your margin
to the point where people are buying or increasing your margin to maximize how much money you
make as people are buying.
And then, within the seek down, you can have additional triggers to reevaluate.
But you're essentially, you're finding a, you're either not selling the item, you
seek down, so you find a price point that it sells at, and you start selling it.
Or you're selling a lot of it, and you want to see how much you can increase the price
before the sales decrease.
And then the whole buy box loop is a classic Amazon behavior, but essentially you either
use relative amount or a seek function.
And if you win the buy box, you hold the price, and then sometimes you have a timer
trigger which says after an hour, if I'm still in the buy box, increase the price till
I lose it.
But essentially, if I lose the buy box, I then respond by lowering my price until I win
it again.
So if you're interested in any of these three different loops being part of your environment,
talk to your CSM, James, it looks like we've exposed a tremendous amount of power, a tremendous
amount of capability and flexibility, but in, I'm going to use an old Marvel movie reference
from Spider-Man with great response, with great power comes great responsibility.
If you have any questions on how this works or what you're trying to accomplish, or what
is that business goal, please talk to your CSM.
As much power as you're bringing to bear, you can all, we don't want to make mistakes.
So that's where we are.
I'm looking for other, more questions as we get into our Q&A session.
Well this one, thank you, this is pretty cool, how do I learn more?
I think we've said it about a half dozen times, just talk to Jason or Jeff or James or myself
or whoever your CSM here is here at ETail Solutions.
We love focusing on these kind of topics to improve the business and really getting you
to where you're going.
We want to make you smart enough to go it alone, but we want to give you enough reasons
to work with us that you don't have to and know that there's somebody with you all the
way.
Are there any other questions?
I think we do.
I got to keep clicking around to get them in here.
If we cannot match or beat the buy box price item at floor, can we yo-yo on a schedule to
trick the algorithms?
Yeah, so what that question is getting at is, as many people know on those competitive
marketplaces it's a race condition of the floor and then everyone sits at their lowest price
and what many people figured out is everyone's using an automated repricer, so I jump my price
up really high, everyone follows me and kind of prices a penny below my really high price.
It starts working your way down again, but everybody's making a little bit more for a
while.
Well, you pull everyone up off the floor because you can win the buy box with the
higher price if your latency is good, but essentially you do want to evaluate our items
just sitting at the floor and there is a trigger that says at floor price, you can then have
a behavior occur and say, hey, instead of sitting at my floor, seek up by an excessive
amount for an hour and see if that changes the behavior of the buy box and then put
it back in a seek down after I went way up.
Or you can go, oh, I'm at the floor, oftentimes with relative amount, if you can't beat anyone
with the relative amount adjustments, you default to your floor.
So if you find that occurring, have a trigger in your relative amount rule that says if
at floor, move it to a seek rule that elevates your price up above your floor and start
seeking the price.
And again, it's all about applying different strategies that all work in tandem with each
other via the loops that's driven by the triggers.
So yes, you can achieve a sort of yo-yoing effect that drives the price up and down.
Here's another one, James.
Do all these features work for my Shopify and Walmart marketplaces?
Controllers, triggers, and lookup tables work on all sales channels.
What triggers are available will be dependent on the marketplace.
For example, eBay doesn't have a buy box, so there's no buy box trigger.
Got it.
And then Amazon and Walmart will have slightly nuanced repricing configuration options because
of the data they provide.
But the core structure behind triggers, controllers, and lookup tables and price formula work with
all channels.
And I'm sorry to say this is going to have to be our last one because we're actually
over a little bit.
What is the advanced tab inside of the pricing policy screen used for?
You may remember I mentioned custom scripts about catalog in the catalog source webinar.
That's a similar idea.
You can work with your CSM to have the product team build a custom script that initiates
a certain type of behavior.
It'd be a very nuanced scenario that would.
Very specialized.
You'd reach the conclusion that you couldn't achieve that behavior with the functions available
and we would write a custom script.
Okay.
But yeah.
And again, my goal here was to give you the knowledge to A, kind of take a stab at yourself
and B, engage in a meaningful conversation with your CSM where you can present ideas
that can be implemented versus me having to go, well, that's not quite how the system
works, so I can't achieve that.
That's reasonable.
All right.
And I encourage you to look at the supplementary material, see if you can answer those questions,
and then reach out to your CSM and have them set up a session to review a bit more in depth
in your system because there can be a lot more learned about the re-pricing results screen
and what you have in place when you dive into your specifics.
Can we get to the next screen then as we wrap this up, James?
So once again, second Wednesday of the month, that means that next month it's going to
be on May 10th.
Right now, we believe we're going to focus on Dam or excuse me, Dam dynamic auto-matching.
How do you add a large number of SKUs safely into your Amazon marketplace?
And we'll go into that.
But once again, on your survey, if there's a topic that is of greater importance to the
majority of you, that's what we'll do.
That's how we got to pricing this month, was because of your feedback.
Also, remember your quarterly surveys.
Please fill those out.
And you will have access to this webinar, to the PowerPoint, and to the pricing documentation
available.
And every webinar will come with those three digital assets so that you can review, go
into areas that you were less comfortable with, and review as you try, and with our assistance,
drive your company successfully to a higher, faster-growing organization with more profit.
And with that, thank you.
