Well, here it is. A month has already gone by, and here we are at the June version of Tech Edge.
For those of you that might be on vacation, lucky you.
You're going to miss a great session today, but as always, you'll be able to find it on the Help Center
and review not only this one, but all the previous Tech Edges.
This month, once again, based on your input, we're going to be talking about pricing.
We're going to be talking about advanced pricing, taking repricing to that next level.
For those of you that this is your first Tech Edge, you're going to want to go back to our March Tech Edge.
Once again, you can get it through the Help Center. It gives you a link to the Knowledge Center,
and you'll be able to look at our pricing and repricing primer or first-level webinar
and maybe get more context or level set for some of the topics we're going to talk about today.
As always, Dr. James is going to be my co-host today, but I think in the coming months,
we're going to start seeing some new people take on this role.
Thank you for coming. Remember, you can always get the video after the session.
James, take it away.
As Jeff mentioned, I encourage you to look at the previous repricing webinar to get your footing
in terms of the basics, in terms of policy assignment, and overall,
it gives you a lot of the background knowledge you need to engage in this material.
We're going to discuss repricing triggers in a more specific way than last time,
looking at some of the more powerful ones and how they're utilized.
Spend some time discussing UPP management, how that's handled in EVP.
Look at the price parity option really quickly and how that can be leveraged.
Discuss lookup tables once more, reiterating how they should be leveraged
and what you need, the mindset you should be putting yourself in
when thinking about how am I going to use them.
Then lastly, we'll end with some Q&A.
Our mission is always to drive growth and profits for you guys through our platform.
The goal of these webinars is to educate you to enable you to, in this case,
offer a more competitive price or capture more margin when repricing.
Hopefully, one of the... I'm sorry, James.
I think one of the other things that we're learning more and more from some of our clients
is helping them find some cost savings initiatives,
finding ways to be more efficient,
finding ways to not always have to add people to accomplish highly repetitious kind of tasks.
Increasing margin and profits,
while we often think about sales and revenue growth as the primary way to do that,
many times helping you be more efficient in your operations
can also achieve the same goal of being more profitable.
Yep.
We'll first discuss price event trigger,
what that does and how it can be leveraged, sales velocity trigger,
a whole buy box policy and what that looks like,
and then an FBA stock age policy,
exploring how you would leverage the stock age trigger to implement that.
Jumping right in, the first trigger is the price event trigger.
A very simple explanation is when we reach a certain price point,
we take an action and move the item to a new policy.
The price points are the floor target and ceiling calculated by the formulas
that are associated with policies.
The main thing you can leverage this trigger for is to prevent price stagnation.
You may have a seek loop or you're using a relative amount policy,
but the behavior you're seeing is items get to the floor and they sit there.
There's no next action.
There's no competitive factor.
I can't lower my price anymore, so I'm sitting at my floor.
I encourage you to look at any policy you have where items get to the floor
and sit there and add a price event trigger for at floor.
You could move it into a seek rule that seeks up.
You can move it into a policy with a higher floor to jump the price up,
but what you're trying to address is preventing price stagnation
either sitting at the floor or the target or the ceiling.
You can have an initial policy that's using relative amount.
Again, a relative amount is I'm looking at a competitor's price
and I'm trying to beat it by a certain amount.
Have a price event trigger within a relative amount policy that says,
if my relative amount gets me to my floor,
I'm going to move it to a policy that instigates new behavior.
Maybe I see, maybe I adjust my formula,
but again, relative amount competed me down to my floor.
I still didn't win the buy box or I still didn't achieve my sales velocity goals,
so I need to do something besides just sit at my floor
or try and compete against the other sellers with a relative amount.
I encourage people to jump to the ceiling if they reach the floor
and what you will find is a lot of other re-pricing engines will chase you.
They chase you down, they just as well might likely chase you up.
If I reach my floor, I often encourage clients to move it to a policy
that spikes the price up, monitor the re-pricing results screen,
see if your competitors follow you,
and then you know you can manipulate your price off the floor
on certain skews when that price event occurs.
James, I think sometimes this is counterintuitive.
If you're not winning at the bottom,
how can jumping to the top help you?
People will follow you, Amazon will follow you as you go up,
and then if you're the first one to drop,
you create a window where you can be very successful.
Exactly.
The sales velocity trigger is one you may be familiar with,
but it is, in my opinion,
one of the more powerful triggers we have
in that it gives you an alternative to relative amount.
I keep saying relative amount,
but the two options you have to compete
in an e-commerce re-pricing environment are relative amount,
i.e. I reference the price and try and beat it,
or B, I seek my price independent of other players.
What the sales velocity lets you do
is set up a sales velocity-based seek loop,
so what you do is you assess your sales velocity.
If I'm low sales, i.e. I'm below a threshold,
I move to a seek down,
and I lower my price until I hopefully start selling.
If I'm selling a lot, i.e. I'm above a threshold,
I want to see if I can capture a bit more margins
so I move the item to a seek up loop.
This checkbox you see here
will determine how we assess sales velocity.
If I check this box,
I will look at the sales of that skew
across all the listings on that channel.
On Amazon, I might have five or six ASINs
for a single skew.
If I want to look at my sales velocity
from that holistic perspective,
I would check this box.
If I want to just consider the sales velocity
of the individual listing, I leave it unchecked.
And that can be, that's really determined
on a kind of a product-by-product basis.
How many skews does this item have?
Are there reasons those skews would compete differently,
i.e. one's a UOM that doesn't sell as often
or has got a longer latency?
Whatever it may be, you have to make a determination.
Is the sales velocity of all these skews important
or are all these listings important
or is it more important to assess it on an individual basis?
Again, as I mentioned, you want to leverage
the sales velocity trigger into a seek loop
is the most standard in best practice function.
I often have someone use a relative amount
and the relative amount policy is their seed.
That's where things start.
And then I have the sales velocity trigger
within that relative amount.
So if the relative amount isn't winning the buy box
or generating the sales,
we change our competitive tactic to seek
and we see if that can generate sales.
Again, don't sleep on the seek up.
People get very focused on the seek down.
What do I do when I seek down?
Be creative with the seek up.
You can learn to manipulate other people's pricing
because their repricers are predictable.
If I go up, they're going to follow me.
If I have the buy box and I can seek up a bit
because my latency is a lot better than the other sellers,
that's another opportunity to use seek up.
I also love the seek up when my competition
is very low on inventory or maybe even stocked out
or if I've picked up a product line
where there's literally no other sellers,
why not find that balance point
where I can maintain my sales velocity
but also maximize my margin
and profitability on a product?
Mm-hmm.
One thing I'll comment about sales velocity is,
and I'm going to emphasize this later
in this PowerPoint presentation,
is it comes down to catalog segmentation.
Some clients have huge catalogs of 100,000 items.
Some only have 1,000,
but the better you can slice and dice that to say,
hey, I expect these items to sell really fast,
so I need to put them in a rule with a sales velocity trigger
that's appropriate verse.
I have these huge 1,000 UOM items that sell very slow,
so I need to have them in a separate policy
because their sales velocity is going to be different.
My expectations are going to be different,
so when you're thinking about how to segment my catalog,
a good place to start is,
I expect these things to be high-volume sellers.
I expect these things to be medium-volume sellers
and then low-volume sellers,
and then setting up initial sales velocity policies
that correlate to whether they're fast, slow, or medium sellers.
Next, we're going to talk about the whole buy box policy.
This is a combination of two triggers
that you should include in most of your Amazon rules
if you want to be buy box sensitive.
The first trigger is a price event trigger,
so you may or may not know when something happens on Amazon,
the buy box changes, the price changes,
the latency changes, an image is added.
It creates a notification event that we then download and assess,
and we can assess, hey, the notification we're getting
is indicated that we lost the buy box or we won the buy box,
and then we can instigate a behavior.
If I win the buy box while I'm in a relative amount policy,
I definitely want to move it to a hold buy box or seek up.
If I'm in a policy that's meant to hold the buy box
and I lose it, then I probably want to seek down
or move back to a relative amount.
The second trigger you're going to want to add
is the buy box status trigger.
So rather than looking at a price event to see if we win or loss,
this trigger simply checks who's in the buy box.
What's powerful about this is the buy box owner
can be self, FBA, FBM, or Amazon.
So I could have four different buy box status triggers
that then feed into if I'm competing against Amazon,
this is how I want to respond.
If I'm competing against an FBM merchant,
this is how I want to respond, and then with FBA similarly.
So I can decide based on who the seller is, what type of it is,
and then move it to a policy.
In a hold buy box rule, you want to check,
does the buy box owner equal self?
If it does not equal self, I need to likely instigate a behavior
because I've lost the buy box.
But with these two triggers,
you can find, exit, and enter prices for the buy box.
So again, you're going to the pricing results screen.
When did I enter a hold buy box rule?
That tells me what my price point is that got me the buy box.
When did I move out of a hold buy box policy?
That'll tell me what my price point is when I lost the buy box.
And looking at those trends can help you assess, you know,
all right, if I want to consistently hold the buy box,
I need to keep my ceiling below this.
On a lot of the triggers, you'll see this restore previous price option.
This can make a lot of sense when you're losing the buy box,
because again, it occurs during a reprice event.
So we may have calculated a new price when we detected the loss,
that price might have been higher.
So what this does is it says, if I apply this trigger,
use the previous price versus the one I've just calculated
that occurred during this event.
And again, if we lost the buy box,
we typically want to lower our price back down when that trigger makes
that that behavior occur.
The delay setting you see here and on a few other triggers,
it's pretty self-explanatory.
What it does if I set this to five minutes,
the item has to be in the policy for five minutes before this trigger
is applied.
So in a relative amount policy,
if I'm checking to see if I won the buy box,
I may delay it for an hour or two because I'm just,
want the natural, uh,
competitive behavior to occur for a period of time before I try and,
um,
instigate a series of behaviors based on winning or losing the buy box.
And again, this is very powerful to include within the seek loops.
I just previously mentioned in that, uh,
relative amount engages.
If I win the buy box, I hold it.
I'm seeking down.
If I lose the buy box,
I instigate a competitive behavior.
If I win the buy box,
I instigate a certain type of behavior.
But again, um,
when you're setting up your seek loops,
work with your CSM incorporate the whole buy box policy.
So that again,
if you're holding the buy box,
you're either keeping that margin or trying to increase it.
The stock age trigger can be used for FBM or FBA.
Uh, we've seen a lot of success using it for FBA.
We're looking to improve your ability to use it with FBM.
But at a high level, what it does is it access,
it assesses the stock age of an item and it's low sales threshold.
And then moves the item to a new policy.
If those thresholds are met,
what I've done with some clients that's been successful as I've set up
stock age tiers.
So I have maybe four or five rules.
Each rule has a lower floor.
So as stock age increases,
I'll have a stock age trigger that says if it's five days,
and then another in a different policy,
if it's 10 days, 30 days, uh, 60 days, you know,
the segments are something you can determine.
But as stock gets older,
I move the item to a policy with the lower floor.
And so what that's enabled people to do is, um,
in a, you know, automated way,
lower my floor price is my stock gets older to try and push it,
try and get rid of it. Um,
so that I can send new stock in, um,
again, each time we move to a new tier, we lower the floor.
You know, James, you could even go, go ahead.
I love this idea that occasionally as a stocking merchant,
uh, um, you're going to just, you're going to have a dog,
something that's not going to sell.
There's a better product out there,
but rather than waiting till the very last bullet that James is going to
talk about, where you just blow it out on a clearance sale,
where you're going at 30, 40, 50, 60% off.
When we see it doesn't, isn't selling early on,
maybe just a week or two, maybe a couple of weeks, whatever that,
that business rule for your business defines.
Let's give up five or 10% margin rather than all my margin and take a loss
during the clearance sale.
Yeah.
And you know, I'm just thinking creatively,
I could have that stock age, uh,
tier set of policies that I talked about is a stock age gets older.
I lower the tier or I lower the floor.
Excuse me.
Uh,
you could incorporate a sales velocity trigger within each one of those
policies.
So I reached here for, and all of a sudden I start selling it.
I don't want to,
I don't want to lower my floor now because I've started selling it.
So that sales velocity trigger applies, uh,
and moves it to a policy that says, Hey, keep this price point.
The stock's old, but it's selling.
So again,
the sky's the limit in terms of creativity, um,
with the EV, EV pricing options.
So, uh,
if anyone's interested in incorporating a, uh,
sales velocity trigger within their stock age loops, let me know.
And we can, we can see what we can achieve,
but I think that would be very powerful because again,
you seek down, you're lowering your floor.
Eventually you'll read a price point where it sells and you can
identify that with a sales velocity trigger.
Uh, some clients, uh, often deal with UPP or map price.
Uh, for those unaware, that's a minimum advertised price or a universal
price policy.
It essentially means you can't sell below this point set by the
manufacturer. Typically.
One thing to know UPP can be stored on individual channel records.
So if I have a supply record, a sales channel record,
retail record, each one could have a different UPP stored.
Um, we aggregate all the data being sent to us, you know,
sometimes there's discrepancies. Typically.
I always trust the manufacturer over a distributor.
Um, and so I may have a content channel or, uh,
I know I'm always loading manufacturer data to the etail record.
Um,
but be aware of where that date is coming from and where it's being
stored in your system.
If you have multiple UPPs in your system,
if you go to system, the system module set up in the top banner,
you'll find UPP config.
We set up a basic logic statement on how it's handled.
If there's multiple UPPs present. So again,
I can have etail UPP view my source of truth.
And then if it's not there,
I kind of leverage other data or I can, you know,
this is the safest bet. I'm always using the highest.
It's a safe bet,
but it may mean that you're priced too high in some cases.
If you have bad data in the system.
But again,
work with your CSM.
If you're having UPP map management problems,
there's a number of tools available.
Uh, there's a background checker that doesn't require a reprice event to
apply.
It simply checks UPP and what the price is and,
and moves it up.
If it texts it's below.
Um,
how UPP works is it overrides the floor price.
So we calculate a floor price.
If the UPP stored, it overrides it.
So again,
go ahead, Jeff.
Well, I was finished your top,
but before we move on, I'd like to add something.
Uh,
this reiterating know where that date is coming from,
know where it's stored and know your options for how you can handle,
uh, the,
the multiple sources of that information.
I think for a brand clients that are either fairly new in the online
selling or been there for awhile.
Uh, and not only sell retail or,
or a dropship for retailers,
um, or have actually authorized resellers.
I think it is so important to have a standardized pricing policy or an,
uh, have a map policy in place.
It will
either eliminate or vastly reduce the amount of channel conflict in the
marketplace.
It will help you clean up the gray market that has been eroding your brand
value and your brand image by willing to go, uh,
just keep going lower on the products that you manufacture and sell.
And it'll help create enforce with your approved sellers.
If you have some that,
Hey, we're going to all play by the same rules now.
And it's really important as a brand to take control,
control that in the online environment.
That was what I was going to add.
Yeah.
You can be a pain in the butt if you're being held accountable.
But again, the tools made available in EDP help make that a lot easier to
deal with.
Um, I always encourage you to be proactive rather than reactive, uh,
with this stuff.
So having a good relation with your manufacturer,
so they're giving you that data at a time, uh,
knowing when you can expect UPP changes, you know,
automotive space it's yearly, you know, some, some brands are quarterly,
but, uh,
knowing when to expect those changes rather than getting the violation
notice and going and scrambling to fix it.
Also know that UPP can be a token within a formula and it can be
leveraged in selection criteria.
So you can simply say, Hey, if an item has a UPP greater than zero,
put it in a policy and the price is UPP.
Uh, I encourage you to be creative with it again,
just cause you have UPP doesn't mean you can't seek up a bit on
marketplaces to manipulate the price on your website.
You're a little more limited.
Uh, but the next option I wanted to cover,
I've gone over a lot of what you can do with policies and what you
can do with triggers and you want to segment your catalog.
And this can be a bit overwhelming if you then compound it with,
well,
I have six marketplaces to sign up, set up and reprice and get working
and flowing well. If you're feeling that way,
I encourage you to look at the price parity tool,
pick a channel that's going to be a price driver.
Amazon's a good one cause it's a competitive marketplace.
So there's things influencing the price.
Um, but maybe you want your Shopify your own website sales
velocity, being a price driver, whatever you're thinking through that
process, pick on a channel, focus on setting up the
repricing policies and lookup tables for that channel and
leverage the price parity option while, uh, you know,
you're tackling that channel and then you can tackle channel,
you know, your next channel and remove price parity.
Um, but again, it lets you tackle one channel,
set the others to price parity, um,
and then slowly work on each channel, um,
versus trying to figure them out all at once.
Very simply price parity has you reference a channel.
So in this case,
I'm looking at Amazon and I'm going to copy that price.
The mode you'll click that dropdown.
There's 60 different options.
I encourage you just to stick with match lowest delivered.
If you have very nuanced price parity objectives,
we can look at those other options,
but if you're using it for the first time,
use match lowest delivered so you understand the behavior factor
versus Delta, we can adjust the price.
Um, we don't have to copy it one for one.
So in this case, uh,
let's say this is my eBay channel.
My eBay channel is going to look at my Amazon price and lower it
by 10%.
So this can be a way to, um,
you know, I may want the price parity on my website from Amazon,
but I always want my website to be cheaper.
That's the way you can achieve this.
Lastly, uh, I'm going to end on lookup tables.
I read, I brought this up on the last webinar,
but when you're looking at lookup tables,
you want to be,
this is the question you want to be asking yourself,
brainstorm with your team.
What variables impact my margin?
Bring that list to your CSM and engage with it.
We can identify which ones are handled by token like shipping cost,
item cost, uh, static overhead.
Um,
but then we can help identify the ones that aren't handled as tokens and
set them up as lookup tables.
Uh,
I wanted to call it overhead tokens because overhead can be a token.
You go to a location,
a supplier location on the fulfillment methods tab.
You can set up per order per item.
The limitation here is this is a static number.
If my overhead is dependent on weight or brand or,
um,
you know, uh,
a certain attribute value,
I can't dynamically adjust this value, but I can,
if I'm using lookup tables,
my overhead value can be dynamically adjusted based on item conditions.
So that's something to consider.
Do I have a flat overhead or do I have a dynamic overhead?
And so as you're looking at those,
those things that impact margin working on that list with your CSM,
you can set up the lookup tables to achieve the ultimate goal.
Which is to have your price policies drive your price behavior.
Do I seek up? Do I seek down? Do I compete based on my competitor?
Do I ignore my competitor? Do I just hold my price price behavior?
Then lookup tables handle.
Well, if it's this brand, my margin's different.
If it weighs over a hundred pounds, my margin's different.
Uh,
if, uh,
if it has attribute X,
then I need this overhead cost added. Um,
anything that's a dynamic variable impacting margin or costs,
we want to handle this lookup tables.
So you separate those two aspects of repricing into their, you know,
allotted swim lanes and you're not running into each other.
Oh, do I need to adjust my margin on my price policy? No,
I handle margins in my lookup table. So really being disciplined,
and thinking about it and what am I, what am I trying to attack?
How my price behaves or something that's influencing my margin or costs?
Lastly,
I've seen a lot of people adopt the lookup tables in the past, uh,
month since the first webinar. So that's encouraging to see.
And I've seen some customers take it to the next level and utilize to
look up tables within a single policy. As far as I'm aware,
there's no limit. You could.
Have five lookup tables referenced in a single pricing formula.
Well, what it's allowing them to do.
Is.
This yellow string of text returns a number. That's their margin.
This red string of text returns a number.
That's a additional commission or an overhead.
And again, this is dynamically adjusted.
Both of them are dynamically adjusted based on the skew.
And so they're handling a lot of complexity.
And I'm going to give you an example.
And then.
And then these are the two different modules.
And the two are dynamically adjusted based on the skew.
And so they're handling a lot of complexity.
Um, in a very simplified way.
With the lookup tables.
Focused on the margin, you know, this is my formula.
These things are impacting my margin.
And then the behavior of what do I do with those ranges is handled by
the policy.
Um, so my foot, my.
I encourage you to at least use the one lookup table.
really ponder on this question,
give that list to your CSM and we can help you achieve,
you know, multiple lookup tables within policy,
handling all those variables that impact margin.
I'm gonna reiterate some key points that I have found
help people manage repricing in EVP
and in the e-commerce space, have clear objectives.
If your objective is to make more money,
that's incredibly hard to measure in terms of
I took an action that made me more money.
I can look at a chart and see that I've done that,
but you can't really attribute that to an action.
I encourage you to have clear objectives.
I wanna sell 20% more of Brand X in the next six months,
or I want to increase my profit margin
across on Amazon by X%.
These clear objectives will help you identify
more specific, actionable steps.
Versus something as grandiose as just win the buy box more.
Win the buy box more, how?
By seeking down, by using relative amount,
winning the buy box more isn't always the best objective,
but it's more specific than just get more sales.
So again, have clear objectives.
If you're having trouble segmenting your catalog
by the data that's present,
you can leverage a re-pricing class attribute
at a high level.
It's an attribute on the ETail record called re-pricing class.
And what I do is I have customers getting their feet wet
with re-pricing, go use the bulk update tool
or the catalog source tool
to add re-pricing class attribute group one,
group two, test group three,
and then leverage that attribute in the selection criteria
to get items in the specific policies.
One of the challenges people face is like,
what selection criteria do I use
to get things where I need them to be?
This kind of simplifies that problem.
So you can move forward and then kind of double back
and go, how can I get this to be more data-driven
versus a grouping that I manually create?
Again, avoid multiple price policies
that just change your margin, use the lookup tables.
The number one violation of this tenant
is people having a policy for cost range.
Historically, that's what you had to do,
but I would encourage you,
if that's what your setup looks like,
one of the first things you're gonna wanna focus on
is moving all of those into one policy
and using a lookup table to handle cost range.
But you may find that,
oh, I have six policies for these six different brands.
That can be one policy and then a lookup table.
Lastly, can't reiterate this enough,
leverage the repricing results screen.
You can see when you exited and entered the buy box,
so you know those price ranges.
You can see who you're competing against most often.
You can see which policy and item moved from and to,
so you can kind of assess the life cycle
and the behavior of your setup.
But simply looking at the SKU
and what price it's calculating
won't tell you the entire journey it's gone through.
Look at the repricing results screen,
get familiar with that.
And I've looked at it enough
and helped enough clients that I can look at that.
I can look at a SKU, I can look at several SKUs,
and I can see the journey it's taking
that just takes time and exposure using the screen.
So I encourage you to, every time you wanna go,
hey, what's going on with repricing, start there,
look up a SKU and get familiar
with what that information's telling you.
I think also remember that while pricing is important
for the reseller community to win the buy box,
it is not the only variable in the Amazon algorithm.
Latency is also very important.
How quickly can you get the product to somebody?
Somebody that's FBA and is gonna get it there in a day
or two is going to always beat somebody
at five or six days,
even if they're selling at a higher price.
Your ODR, your seller ranking is gonna make a difference.
So there's other factors in your business
you need to focus on to have these repricing strategies
have the greatest impact.
I think for any of our clients
that have some fantastic high velocity products
and they're not at FBA,
you might wanna think about that.
So-
Nick, if you can to reiterate,
this webinar went a bit more granular than the previous one,
but they're all purposed around getting you
some background knowledge so that you can start thinking
and then in turn engage with your CSM.
Again, going back,
what variables impact your margin?
If you come to your CSM with a list of things
that you've identified impacting your margin,
they're gonna be much better enabled
to help you set up lookup tables.
So these are, I'm encouraging you,
I'm trying to get you to think
so that when you meet with your CSM,
they can help you leverage all that content
you've generated from that brainstorming.
A few questions here, James.
Are there triggers for eBay and Walmart or just Amazon?
Triggers and controllers work on all channels.
Some channels have triggers that others don't.
For example, Amazon price event triggers only on Amazon,
but sales velocity, price events, timers,
those will work across all channels.
Okay.
Seek up, seek down, hold price will also work on all channels.
Also, if some of you have been holding your questions,
get them in here before I get done.
How often can I seek up and down?
That's a great question.
It's gonna really be dependent on a number of variables
that would have to be assessed,
such as catalog size,
the number of notifications we're dealing with from Amazon,
the banding on certain channels.
But at a high level, I typically seek every,
the quickest I try and seek is every 15 minutes.
You're not likely going to achieve seeking every minute
without very,
without setup that isolates and handles that very specifically.
And at that point, there's probably a better solution
than getting the repricing engine
to just look at that one skew.
You could achieve it in a different way.
But it's a good question.
It would have to be determined with your CSM on a call,
but-
I would imagine also depends on catalog size.
Yeah, I mean, that's gonna be the biggest variable
because how long does it take us to get to your catalog?
How many items are getting prioritized for repricing?
But, you know, the quickest increments
I typically recommend are between 15 and 30 minutes.
Okay.
Can I schedule policies?
Maybe I wanna raise my price in the evenings.
Yeah, so there's an indirect way to achieve that
with shipping policies.
You can have your selection criteria
within your repricing policies,
look at what shipping policy and items assigned to.
And shipping policies can be scheduled.
So I can have an item scheduled to move to a shipping policy.
I can have a very high priority rule
that says items in this shipping policy get assigned to it.
And then it would reprice with that rule
that the pricing policy schedule would expire
and I assume we would move it back.
And at that point,
the repricing policy assigned to it would change.
So you can achieve time scheduled repricing
with the usage of scheduling shipping policy assignment.
Okay.
Well, and here's one very similar to the statement
I made just a few minutes ago.
Jen, if I'm selling an FBA and my competition is FBM,
can I raise my price or seek up with my price
and then wait till I lose the buy box
and then steal it right back?
So you would have, from understanding correctly,
you're in the buy box and the person competing is FBM?
Correct, and I'm FBA.
I have the prime batch.
So I could, you would have a policy
that detects you in the buy box, moves you to a seek up.
And that seek up, you have a trigger that's detecting
if you lose the buy box.
And if you lose, you move to a seek down
or a relative amount.
You could also have a, say it's in a price policy.
You could have a buy box status trigger
that says if buy box owner is FBA,
I wanna compete in a certain way
that gets your price going back up.
But yeah, you could achieve that.
Well, I only have a few minutes left.
What's the best way to segment my catalog?
Great question.
I think,
just to give some examples in the automotive space brand,
manufacturer, huge drivers in the home goods space,
it's more about what type of product it is.
I want all my curtains.
I want all my bathroom accessories.
I want all my space rugs.
So there isn't a one size fits all answer,
but I would encourage you looking at brands
is a segmentation factor.
Cost is obviously an obvious one,
but it's gonna be dependent on your space
and industry knowledge, really.
For example, I deal with a lot of customers
that sell light bulbs.
They're gonna know a lot.
They're gonna know better how to segment that than I would.
Do they have industrial light bulbs
and then commercial light bulbs?
I would engage with your CSM
so they can provide some input,
but it's really gonna be your industry knowledge
and your industry segment that's gonna drive that.
But again, two examples, automotive space,
it's really brand driving it.
And then in home goods, it's really the type of product.
Okay, here's a quick one.
Does UPP override MAP for re-pricing?
Great question.
MAP is actually more of just a stored data point in EVP.
If you want MAP to be leveraged
as a price influencing mechanism stored as UPP.
Oh, that's pretty simple.
The terms are synonymously used out in the marketplaces.
So what we chose to do is they serve the same function.
So again, MAP is just stored in EVP.
You can reference it, you can see it.
UPP is the one that's gonna drive price behavior,
prevent you from selling below that.
So if you're hyper aware or wanna be vigilant on UPP slash MAP,
always store it as a UPP.
Okay.
MAP has no influence on pricing.
I don't think we're gonna get to all of them today.
So any of them that I don't get to,
just email your CSM and or schedule a meeting
and bear with me, James,
this one is about a small paragraph.
Is it possible to re-price an ASIN on Amazon
relative to the price of a completely different ASIN?
We have a product that we are the only seller.
So we always have the buy box
but we compete against a different ASIN.
We'd like to set our re-pricing to compete against
the buy box price of a different ASIN that we don't sell.
Is that possible?
So it's almost like two brands competing with each other.
Yeah, what I'm hearing is you wanna do
a skew level price parity.
I'm not aware of a way to achieve that today
but that would be an excellent feature request to explore.
What you're saying is I have two ASINs
and I want this one to be the price driver for both
because I'm alone on one of them.
Yeah, that's a very interesting scenario.
Just thinking through, yeah, I don't know
if that could be achieved today
but it would be something worth exploring
as a price parity enhancement.
Yeah, and we had some comments
from their other CSMs that are on the call,
a great product feature request.
So whoever brought that up,
sit with your CSM, figure out how to more fully define that
and we'll have Dev take a look at that.
All those other questions that you had out there,
I'm sorry, we're coming up on our time
and we wanna be respectful of your time.
I do wanna remind you, you can move to the next slide.
Our next session is gonna be in July.
It is gonna be July 12th,
a month from the second Wednesday of the month.
We will be sending out a survey again,
asking you for your input on three different topics
that we can talk about.
Hopefully you'll pick a topic
that we can give James a month off.
But I love doing these, we want you to attend.
Remember, this will be available in 24 to 48 hours
after the session is over in the Help Center,
in the Knowledge Center.
If you have any other questions
or wanna talk about this in more in depth,
please work with your CSM.
And I also wanna talk about some new offers coming up.
Several of you have already initiated something.
We're trying to take questions
and similar kind of thoughts from multiple clients
and develop packages that are more optimally priced
to make it easier for you to move forward.
There's less ambiguity and there's less unknowns.
You know what you're getting.
There's a known price
and you know how quickly you can expect to see results.
One of them that many of you are familiar with
is the eBay Accelerate Program.
We're taking this approach
from working with a couple other merchants
that do very well on eBay
and have very successful eBay programs.
And finding out those best practices and best approaches
to keep in their eBay program fresh and aligned
with their growth objectives.
And the major things that we've pulled out about of that
are things that like delisting and relisting
can have a major impact.
Understanding what it would take to get your account
into the eBay Top Seller Program
and trying to round out your user profile
along with re-pricing optimizations.
And one of these other merchants saw a 10% increase
and it's been for several months now
on their eBay program, monthly sales.
Now, let's be honest,
eBay is not necessarily a retirement account for most of you
but 10% is 10%, multiply it times 12, it's a real number.
A number of you already reviewing your re-pricing goals
with your CSM to be commended.
And those of you that have not reviewed your re-pricing goals
and looked at all your different policies
in the last 12 to 18 months, it's time.
Contact your CSM so we can take a quick review.
But once again, we wanna be packaging this up
into a simple offering.
We're working on actually doing several predefined policies
that can be added to your environment
and then tweet to meet your exact objectives.
So you'll be seeing some very,
the basics of any business
will be developed by some of our people.
And once again, we're seeing some people increase sales
15 to 25% by just taking a fresh new look
at how they're doing their pricing policies
and it's very doable.
And then stay tuned,
while we initiated the eBay Accelerate Program
around 30, 45 days ago,
we're starting to look at other marketplaces and saying,
how can we make our community more successful
on that marketplace?
And we'll work with one or two people
to figure out the best way to approach that.
Then we'll take those best practices to you, the community
and offer a very affordable program.
And I'm hearing rumblings, it's gonna be Walmart
and we'll share that with you.
And if that's something you wanna engage us on
to grow your Walmart business, we'd be happy to do so.
Thank you for attending.
I really enjoy doing this
because James has to do all the work.
I just get to do introductions
and I hope that you get some value each time we do this.
So thank you again.
Have a great summer.
We'll see you in July.
And if you have any further questions, once again,
we say it all the time,
just give James or Jason or someone at eBay a call.
We're gonna try and help you out.
Thank you.
Thank you.
