Welcome back to Tech Edge number five, as today we're going to discuss dynamic auto-matching,
or as we know it, what the damn are you doing with our listings. To those on the east coast,
good afternoon. To those on the west coast, good morning. Thank you for joining us and a belated
happy 4th of July. We're glad you're here. I do want to remind you that these are all in the help
center. Most of them have some significant documentation, and I will say that we know that
our initial pricing webinar is still the most watched. Let's see if we can edge that out of
first place with dynamic auto-matching. Just as an example of the potential of dynamic auto-matching
is one of our larger clients can directly draw a straight line to over 30% or approximately 30%
of their sales coming from dynamic auto-matching. This is a seller that does over $50 million a year.
I don't know. I consider $15 million real money. While not everyone will have the exact same results,
it does give you a sense of the impact when this is set up, set up correctly,
and continuously run. Always looking for new ways or nuances to put your settings at,
to always look for new listings. More listings per SKU results in greater revenue.
James, take it away. The agenda for today, you've met me and Jeff several times so we can
gloss over the introduction. We are hoping to have some new faces on the upcoming webinars,
but I will keep at it, keep educating, and helping enable you to grow your business.
We're going to briefly talk about what the dynamic auto-matcher is and what it does for you.
Then we're going to explore the matching criteria options you have, which are the filters available
for checking the quality of an ASIN. Go through the basics of configuring the job which is controlled
by XML. Discuss the review state and how that impacts matches. What you can do to assess the
dynamic auto-matching results and how to leverage that to refine and optimize. What you can do to
maximize your damn potential, and then we'll have some space for Q&A. As Jeff mentioned,
these articles are available on the Help Center. When you guys access the Help Center,
you typically see something like this suggesting a ticket. This link up here gets you to the
archive of webinars, and you can see there is already some introductory material
for the dynamic auto-matcher. I encourage you to open that up and review that as we go through
the various slides, as that will help give additional context to what I'm discussing today.
Then the recording will be put here. Go ahead, Jeff.
I think the best practices is probably the best document to look at first,
understanding not only what the different criteria are, but what we found over the last
almost 13 and a half years in working with all our clients, what's worked the best.
This is going to outline the match criteria, which we'll discuss, and then our recommended
best practices. One thing you'll learn with the dam is it is a sort of set it and forget it,
but then you need to periodically check in so you can refine it over time.
The best practices are going to get you the low-hanging fruits, but then
as there's a diminishing return on the dam, you may need to loosen up your restrictions
and have a review process in place, and we'll get into that shortly.
Again, Jeff and me are doing this webinar. I should update my picture. As you can see,
I no longer have there. I'm the one with the really good flow going on.
I'll unlock the card again, like Jeff. Again, our mission is to help you drive revenue and
profit to the platform. Again, the goal of the dam is to maximize your listing ratio on Amazon,
which is often the breadwinner channel for a lot of businesses, but can also just grow
the channel in general. The dynamic auto-match for Amazon is a tool in EVP to automatically
identify and publish to ASINs on Amazon. It helps increase your listing ratio and ultimately
maximizes your sales opportunity by having you present. The more ASINs you're on,
the more opportunity you have to sell that SKU. It allows you to have pre-configured match
criteria, which essentially says it filters out ASINs that don't match a certain tier of quality,
and this prevents bad matches, which ultimately prevents canceled orders.
The number of people that have put their business at risk because they've used just a UPC match
are too numerous to talk about. You need to be careful to self-inflected wounds are the worst kind.
Again, this tool, A, it eliminates the labor cost of having a manual user go through and
look for ASINs, which is what some people did historically. They offshored that, and then also
it provides you a lot of guardrails that you don't have if you're just, again, scanning UPC or part
number, which is what a lot of the other tools will do. This has a lot of guardrails and a lot of
you can implement it in steps so that some listings go to a fully automated publishing and some go to
a, hey, I've made a match, but I want someone to check it. That's what I'm talking about here.
You have tiered matching. You can optimize the match process for various types of listing quality
checks. The very first thing you want to understand when you're discussing the dynamic
automature with your CSM is what options do I have to filter listings? By filter listings,
if an ASIN doesn't have an image, I don't want to match to it. If an ASIN has a price that's
far too high and I want to avoid price gouging, I don't want to match to it. There's various options,
and so knowing what these options are allows you to have a discussion with your CSM, hey,
for this brand, I want these restrictions, and for maybe this manufacturer, I don't.
The first matching criteria is minimum offers. It's a number, and it's going to dictate how many
other sellers need to be on the ASIN for us to consider it valid. What we have found historically
is if there's no other sellers, it's typically a bad ASIN and everyone else has abandoned it.
That said, it can also be an opportunity to sell a loan on an ASIN, so you should view it from both
sides. When you initially run the dam, we typically recommend a minimum of one other seller
on an ASIN, but again, you may run out of matches and look at lowering that to zero and
having them in a manual review process. Have image, pretty self-explanatory, true, false.
Does the ASIN have an image? Again, I don't know if you've ever bought off Amazon off an ASIN
without an image, but it's probably a very low frequency event and indicates an abandoned
or bad ASIN, so typically, we recommend this to be true. I want to see what I'm buying.
Package quantities, this can help with UOM variations. When someone creates an ASIN,
they indicate the package quantities. We then allow the dynamic automatured to accept certain
values for that field, and this can help make sure we only match to each's or we only match to
pack quantities that we know we can fulfill. I will comment that not everyone who sets up an
ASIN knows exactly what this field means, and so sometimes it is set up incorrectly on the ASIN,
which leads to mismatches between EVP, but typically, if you start with package quantity one
is your initial base and expand from there, you can catch those listings through a tiered review
process. Minimum and maximum price formula, these are going to be simple price formulas that take
the item cost and multiply it by a factor. If an ASIN is below or above this threshold,
we don't allow the match. The driver behind this is A. If it's above or below those thresholds,
it's potentially the wrong product because the item cost should be relative across the fulfillment
base. Two, it can help prevent getting stuck on listings where you might get a price gouging
violation. I can't sell these wet wipes for a thousand percent margin because Amazon will give
me a price gouging violation, so that can help prevent that situation from occurring, too,
but the main driver is if I can expect this item to sell within this range
by the ASIN is outside of that range, it's likely the wrong product or a UOM variation of the
product. Lastly, on this slide, sales rank below, it's a number of an ASIN has to be above that
threshold to be a valid match. This can prevent matching the ASINs that are below a sales rank
threshold that you deem, you know, I don't want to deal with listings below this threshold.
Next set of matching criteria. When you're matching with the Dynamic Automatture, you have two
options. You can use the UPC of the product or you can use part number. A very strict configuration
would have me check the UPC and the part number and the manufacturer, so that's the most restricted
you can really get, and so what this matching criteria does is I'd be matching on part number
or UPC and I'm telling the system I also want to check the manufacturer of the ASIN and the
manufacturing EVP and make sure those align. Now, as many of you know, people set up manufacturers
with tons of name variations. EVP handles that through the manufacturer name mapping tool
and the Dynamic Automatture will utilize that if the Muse manufacturer mapping is set to true,
so we can handle all the name variations on Amazon as long as they've been configured in EVP.
Discuss that with your CSM. It's always good to check. You go to Amazon channel
and then up in the top banner there's a list of manufacturers. You click on that list button
and you can see on the right side of the screen where we've gotten data from Amazon,
but we don't know what it means in EVP. Having that groomed will help you make more matches.
Match on part number can be utilized when I'm searching on UPC, but I also want the part number
to match. Again, a very strict configuration. And then lastly, I can make sure the match
matches a supplier UOM. If I'm involved in dropshipping or 3PLs, I need to make sure
that I can fulfill the right UOM. So what the system will do is, oh, this is a pack two.
I don't have a fulfillment option for a pack two, so it's a bad match.
Those are the main matching criteria you have to leverage. We'll explain how they're configured
in the XML, but again, being familiar with what options you have allows you to determine
what level of strictness or looseness you're going to have on your dynamic auto-matching.
So the dynamic auto-match your task has steps and the steps are configured with XML. There's
three sections of the XML you should be familiar with. Again, the expectation is not that you go
and configure the XML yourself, although you can. But to give you the background knowledge
so you can engage with the CSM, configure them, set them up, and have them running on an automation
or run manually as needed. But knowing what these three sections do will give you all the
information you need to kind of have that intelligent conversation with the CSM.
Processor settings control. Do we check for stock before we even consider scanning the item?
This is a good thing if you have a large catalog and a lot of it's out of stock all the time.
I don't want to clog up my Amazon account with listing matches that I'm never going to sell
because they're out of stock. So it's good to have a stock check in place, and then you can
have a minimum stock check. So if you wanted to say, oh, I need at least 10 in stock,
you can have that. It controls how many items we look up at a time. So you can see this lookup
limit is 8,000. So each time the dam runs, it's going to check 8,000 SKUs. I don't recommend
going above that number. If you're running it multiple times a day, you can get throttled.
But if you're running it as needed, you may be able to push that limit and then match limit.
That's great to know, James, because that is one of the questions that just came in.
How many listings can I look up at a time? So you've already answered that one for whoever asked it.
Yeah, if you're running the dam on a schedule in the background, do you want a lower number? Because
it's going to run multiple times a day. If you have it set up where you're running it on an
as-needed basis, you may be able to put this number higher because it's not going to run
repeatedly in the background. But I recommend staying below 10,000 at the time, again,
so you don't get throttled. And then lastly, processor settings control match limits. So
you can see here, we'll go over the review state in a moment. But if I make 1,000
confirmed matches, the dam will stop. And then I would have to either let the automation kick
it off or it would run on its own. But this is a way, you can see here, unverified limits, 400.
If I run the dam and I get 400 unverified matches, I'm going to have to go check those.
So I want that number to be lower. So the workload's more manageable. But again,
it controls, do we check for stock? How many items do we look up at a time?
And what review statuses limits are there? Additionally, you'll see the check days.
What this is doing is saying, hey, I checked this item. I'm going to check it again in two days.
Depending on your catalog size, that number needs to be fluctuated. But engage with your
CSM2 is a good default. So we get to your whole catalog. And then we check again in two days.
The next section of the XML is the match rules. The match rules will control the matching
criteria we discussed. So I can either add or remove various matching criteria and that will
affect my match rule. Again, if I have everything in place, I consider that very strict. It's only
going to match to what I would predict as high quality ASINs because the criteria has to be so
in line. If I remove a lot of these options or set them to false, I consider my match rule
a lot looser. And I'm going to match the things that might be of lower quality or the wrong ASIN.
But once you've got all your strict matches, you do need to kind of loosen up the dam and
find out what else is out there on Amazon. So again, the match rule
is a configuration of matching criteria that we discussed on the previous slide.
It's just like the idea that if you're selling a product that could be listed in
two different categories and you're only listed in one,
let's find that other category and get you listed there also.
Lastly, you have match group. Match group controls what we do with a match if we find it. So what
is going to be the publication mode, the availability mode? Am I going to set a max stock? Will the
system use automatic pricing? One thing to note about match group is that the review
state is inverse in that if I want to edit the review state of a dynamic automature,
I edit the left side. I would change this to verified or confirmed.
Whereas all the other settings, you're changing the right side.
The last thing to mention about match groups that's very important is it
calls this dynamic automature if it should use an item set.
I'll expand on this idea later on in the PowerPoint, but it's very powerful
to segment your catalog with item sets. A lot of people do it by brand or manufacturer.
The reason this is important is you're going to find trends
on ASIN quality with similar products. In the automotive space, very often
ASIN quality is associated to the brand of the item.
Brand X never has UPC on the ASIN, so I have to use part number even though I have a UPC.
Or brand Y always has this certain name variation for the manufacturer. So identifying those trends
is easier if you segment your catalog. And again, the most typical segmentation I see
is by brand or manufacturer. Those are where you see trends across ASINs and you can identify,
okay, this brand, I need a really loose dynamic automature because the ASIN quality out there is
not great, and I'll have to review those listings. But again, item sets are controlled
by the match group. Talked about item sets a lot in the webinars because they're very powerful,
cool, and again, they help you segment your catalog. I've mentioned this a few times,
but we have review status, review state, and EVP. You see this on the listing screen here,
and the dropdown shows you the options. Covering them briefly here, again, they're
covered in more detail in the supplementary documentation. If I make an unverified match,
it has to be manually checked. So I would have a very loose dynamic automature with limited
matching criteria, and then the expectation is a user comes in, looks at all the unverified
matches, opens up the listing from the button here, checks that it's the right product,
it's good to sell, and then manually updates the item from an unverified status to a
verified status. Again, this is the least automated option, but it can be utilized when you're
using a dam that has less matching criteria. Rejected is important to use. A bad habit is,
hey, that's a bad match, I delete it from EVP. What that's going to do is we're just going to
rematch to it. So what we've added is the rejected status. If you identified a bad match,
don't delete it. Set the item, set the Amazon listing to reject it. This tells EVP that that
is a bad ASIN, so we won't try and match to it again, and you have it cataloged as a rejected
listing, so those kind of get filtered out. But again, it's important to set bad matches to
reject it and not delete them, so we keep track of them in EVP and don't try and rematch.
And it'll improve your throughput.
Review status is not heavily utilized. It's similar to unverified. Listings aren't going
to publish. You need to go in and manually review it. Confirm is a very powerful option
if you want to leverage the dam with looser configuration, but you don't want to
review every single match. What a confirmed status listing will do will make the match,
publish the listing and the items, but the first time you get an order, it puts that order on
hold, and it prompts the user to check the item, put it on, update the review status,
and then either fulfill or cancel the order. And the philosophy behind this is, again,
if I'm making a lot of matches and it's too costly to review each one,
I can deal with canceling one order and then setting it to rejected. So I make a bunch of
matches, I put them in confirmed status, and as I'm getting orders, as I'm selling that product,
I'm slowly grooming those matches to a verified status or a rejected status. And some people
have found this more efficient when dealing with large sets of matches in that
it's only ever presented to you once you've sold it, and then you have to deal with it. You're not
dealing with matches when they're unsold. And then lastly, you have verified status. This is
the most automated status. Listings are live, orders will flow. Use this when you have either
manually updated it or you have a very strict level of matching criteria. Yeah, because if it's
matched all those variables, it's almost guaranteed to be a good match. I didn't say guaranteed.
Yeah. But again, if you're checking UPC and manufacturer and part number, and those all three
sync up an image and price and all those other things, that's where you can really leverage
automation and say, hey, just make those matches, make those listings live. Over time,
you'll find a diminishing return because you matched everything. Okay, now I'm going to take
a step back. I'm not going to match on manufacturer, and I'm going to put those listings in confirmed.
Okay, over a period of time, I go back and reassess. All right, now I'm just going to
match on UPC, and I'm going to put those in unverified and have a manually reviewed. So
you start really strict, you loosen up, and then you loosen up even more.
And again, ASINs are getting created every day, so running the dam all the time is good,
but you will find over time, you're matching the less, and that's just because you've
captured most of what's out there. It's always good to have it running.
With that in mind, what happens when I add a new supplier? And I have all these dynamic
automatchers running in the background, and I have a bunch of new SKUs on my system.
Do I need to set up a new match?
You would want to be familiar with your dynamic automatcher configuration.
If you're using an item set, which I recommend, you would need to update it to include the new
supplier. If it was truly a brand new supplier, I would go through the process of running dams
specific to that. What I would do is I would, what I do for my clients is I set up a dynamic
automatcher that's strict, I set up one that's loose, and then a variation of each for UPC and NPM.
I would have them create an item set for that supplier, and then I would have them run the
very strict, I would change the item set and the pre-configured dam and have them run it.
Now, if you weren't using item sets, the system will automatically check items
that have inventory exposed, assuming you're doing an inventory check.
So if you add a supplier and your dam is set up in a more automated way, you don't have to do anything.
At a minimum, you may have to create an item set and update that field and then run the dams
that are appropriate for the level of matching criteria you want to use.
How about if I add a little tweak to it? Let's say it's a supplier you've done
a lot of business with, but the manufacturers they represent are just adding
20, 30 new products a year and new SKUs. Do those just fit into those item sets and
automatically get run? The item set is simply checking the supplier location for inventory
then yes. That's excellent. One of the most underutilized aspects of the dam,
again, because people typically talk to their CSM about it, set it up, and then forget about it.
Again, I encourage quarterly reviews is assessing the dam results. The CSM can assess the dam
results, but they don't have the industry knowledge you have to look at. I don't know if
part number variations on automotive brand Y are expected or if
a manufacturer name variation is acceptable because sometimes they're very different.
Iron hog and busted wheels are actually the same product. They're just white labeled
and you would know that with industry knowledge and we wouldn't.
Again, when the dam runs, it stores messages which are saying,
hey, I've tried to match this ASIN, but I didn't for one reason or another.
What you can do with the results is find the patterns and then adjust your restrictions
and then ultimately adjust your dam configuration and get more matches.
The way you access those messages is you go into the task and you can export them as a CSV file.
Then what I do is I go with my clients and I look for a trend. I identify, hey,
we're restricting a lot of potential matches here because we're requiring a manufacturer match.
Can we remove that and try? Or, hey, I'm seeing package quantities of 12,
24, and 64 and we don't have those configured. Can we add those? That's a judgment call on
your end. Can I fulfill those packs? Are those ASINs things I want to be on?
Or will they cause me a headache? Again, work with your CSM to get access to the
dynamic auto-match or messages to identify trends. It can also be leveraged in that sometimes the
ASIN won't get matched by the dam, but I know it's something I want to sell on,
so I found it in the messages and I just manually add it to the system.
That can be another way the messages are leveraged, but essentially you're looking
for trends, adjusting your restrictions, re-running your dam. That pattern identification, that
assessment of the messages is not something a lot of people do today and I would encourage
you to do more of. James said re-assessing your dam once a quarter is a great best practice.
I know you're all busy. Hopefully the last two days have been
really good for you. We're seeing some great numbers on Prime Day from Aladia, so congratulations,
but assessing your whole catalog. If you haven't done it in the last year, it's probably
something you should do. If you haven't sold something for two years, I understand that
you can make your catalog as massively big as you want, but why?
Let's curate and focus on the things that create revenue and that create repetitive revenue.
We're starting to get some questions here, so I'm not going to leave them all to the end.
I'm going to pop one at you right now and I'm going to give you the first one right now.
How would I set up my dam if I have multiple Amazon storefronts and I want to be category specific?
I'm not sure I understand the question. If you had multiple Amazon sales channels,
the Dynamic Automattcher runs on a channel per channel basis.
So you would need two, let's get both hands on the screen, two of them,
operating under each of your seller names.
If you had a unified account, you wouldn't need one for each like Amazon, Canada, and Mexico,
but if you didn't have a unified account or you had two separate Amazon accounts,
you would need separate Dynamic Automattcher tasks.
We are seeing more and more of our clients based on category. If they have apparel and automotive,
setting up almost two separate businesses, two separate websites, two separate Amazon accounts,
those would need the dams themselves may be very, very similar, but they would be an
item set for each one of those particular businesses, correct?
Correct. Business X usually fills through supplier X and business Y fills through supplier Y,
and you would set up the item sets to handle that.
We'll get to some of the other ones before the end of the webinar,
but thank you and keep them coming.
Questions are great. So maximize your damn potential. Just I love that.
Item sets, again, I'm going to nail hit that nail many times.
Item sets can segment your catalog. Segmenting your catalog allows more granular considerations
if you try and treat. Again, this is going to be specific to your business,
but a lot of our clients have a diverse catalog that needs to be segmented so that I can say,
hey, brake discs have this level of quality I can expect and swim shorts and curtains
are all going to have different trends in terms of
ASIN quality. Again, if you're not sure how to approach segmentation for the dynamic auto
matcher, my default and best practice is to look at either manufacturer or brand.
That's where you're going to see the trends.
Look at the degrees of restriction you have and leverage the review status.
Have a dynamic auto matcher that's always running,
that's very restrict and putting items in a verified status.
Have a dynamic auto matcher that's not very restrict and is run as needed,
that puts items in an unverified status that a user then manually reviews.
Understand the review states you have and leverage them to run different styles of the
dynamic auto matcher versus just having it all go to unverify. I see a lot of people do that.
They run the dam, everything goes down verified and then they manually review it.
That defeats the point of some of these features in that you can trust the system with a very strict
matching criteria and make those listings verified.
Procedureized results assessment. Again, I recommend minimum once a quarter biannually
looking at the results and looking for trends. If you're adding suppliers every month,
you may want to increase that because identifying those trends,
changing your dam configuration is going to maximize your listing ratio.
Work with your CSM to leverage the automation tab. Some of you are unfamiliar or don't have
access to the task screen, which is where you would run the dam.
We can enable it so that the dynamic auto matchers can be run from the automation tab,
so you may have users where you want them to be in charge of the dam,
but you don't want to give them access to tasks. They can access the automation tab
and run the dam as needed. Again, this is very powerful for the unverified one.
Hey, I don't want to just build up a list, but today's dam day,
so I'm going to go run the dams and check the listings that have been made.
And then again, periodic review, ASINs are getting created all the time, trends are changing,
so setting it, forgetting it for a period of time is okay,
but make sure you have a mindfulness around what was the last time I checked my dams,
when was the last time I adjusted those, and make sure it's to some level of frequency.
And I think that's something that we just realized over the last six months or year,
is how many of you set up dam during your initial implementation,
and maybe shame on us a little bit that we weren't encouraging you or in collaboration with us
to review that on a more regular basis, but I think most of you we've had that discussion with us.
Is it time to relook at some of your settings and re-running it?
Yeah, and lastly, a simple setup for the dam, in the additional documentation,
I provided four XML templates, strict and loose for UPC and MPM.
If you want a very simple setup, we would add those four steps,
and then you control what listings we look up with item sets,
and all you're doing is going, hey, I want to look at this item set
with very restrict on UPC, or I want to look at this item set very loosely with MPM,
and you're just managing, changing the item set,
so we're looking at different products periodically,
and then you don't have to worry about configuring the dam and adjusting the settings.
You can just leverage what I've kind of built out over time is my default initial pass is
restrict, strict and loose on MPM and UPC. Obviously, we can tweak it as much as you need,
but that's a good starting point is looking at those templates I've provided and focusing on
building your item sets to be leveraged. So that's all I got. We got more questions, I hope.
Yes, we do. And I think a couple of these
were kind of answered during the webinar, but maybe we didn't get
highlight them enough for going to quite enough depth,
but we're going to cover as many as we can, even if we think we've already covered it.
If a UPC matched multiple ASINs, different units of measure,
will the dam pick up these listings or will it only create one listing
which matches the correct unit of measure?
So again, it would depend on some of the configuration points,
but assuming package quantity allowed that UOM,
and we weren't checking UOM of suppliers, the dynamic auto-match would match to both.
You often see a SKU with a dash and then a number, like a dash two, a dash three.
The dam will do that if it matches to multiple ASINs for a single SKU.
When we match to an ASIN that has a UOM that's not in each,
we set the UOM of the ASIN and EVP based on the package quantity value of the ASIN.
So the system tries to set up the pack two as a pack to an EVP.
So we would match to both, assuming the configuration allowed it now.
If I had the package quantity as one and I only allowed one,
that second match wouldn't occur, ideally,
because the user set up the ASIN with the package quantity of two.
But the system does try to match to multiple listings
and set the UOM based on the ASIN information.
But if there were, in the example I brought up earlier,
if a product was sold in three different categories,
would it match to three different listings if all the criteria matched?
Right, yep.
And you would end up with a listing where it's the SKU and then the SKU dash two
and then the SKU dash three.
And you would see multiple Amazon listings,
each with its own ASIN stored as an attribute.
Okay, here's another one that I pretty sure we covered.
Do you recommend the dam only look at in-stock items?
Is it general rule of thumb, yes.
If you're onboarding a new supplier and they haven't sent inventory yet,
that would be a reason not to check stock.
If you fulfill an item on demand and you don't have an inventory feed,
you don't want to check stock.
But typically, you don't gain much from attaching to an ASIN that you can't sell on.
So, as a rule of thumb, I recommend checking stock in a minimum of one.
Because simply put, if I don't have it to sell, why do I want to be on the ASIN?
Okay.
But again, there may be business scenarios like I don't have an inventory feed
or it's not set up yet where that would drive some business context
as to why I don't want to check stock.
And I think the last one here that we haven't covered at any time
during our 40 minutes together was,
can we search by manufacturer part number and manufacture?
And not just UPC.
Yes.
Pretty basic one.
Your basic options for searching are UPC and MPN.
I can add a secondary check so that remember the manufacturer true, false,
and the matching criteria.
So, by search on MPN, I can also make sure the manufacturer matches.
Inversely, I could search on UPC and also make sure the manufacturer matches.
But in terms of, can I just search by MPN and manufacturer?
Yes.
You do not need UPC.
I learned something today.
Excellent.
Are there any other questions out there?
If so, type quick.
All right.
Let's talk about next month.
One more slide.
Next month, we're pretty early in the month.
August 9th.
I know that this is a time of year where certain categories or industries
are maybe taking a little bit more vacation.
So, remember, even if you missed the webinar and we brought it up early today,
all this information is stored for you to go back to and review in the future.
Most all the videos are there and there's matching documentation
for almost all the different webinars.
We'll be sending out invitations for you to join.
We do realize this was prime day.
So, I think our numbers might be down a little bit.
That's okay.
We're seeing that several of these topics are getting hit multiple times.
I think pricing was the second webinar we did
and is still sitting out there as our most watched and re-watched webinars.
So, we're really happy that we're getting that kind of new people coming to it
and others going back to review what we're doing.
In future sessions, we're going to be covering things like monitoring,
everything you want to know about monitoring.
How are we watching what Amazon is doing, what you're doing,
what your orders are doing to make sure that your business is operating at peak efficiency?
What are some of the other topics that we'll be handling in the near future,
James, that we've talked about?
The replenishment will be coming up.
Replenishment, I think that's a big one.
We will have a webinar on the web UI at some point.
And then I also have material ready to cover shipping cost models and shipping levels.
So, that will be a topic that comes up.
Yeah, we're going to easily get through the end of the year
and we're going to keep this going.
If we have to, we'll keep going deeper or wider as needed to keep this going
so that you can learn as much about the product or relearn.
This is great for clients and partners that have been with us since day one
and for the people that we signed on last month.
So, we want to make this as valuable as possible.
Two other things I want to remind you is
fill out your quarterly surveys, please, as we want to get better.
And the only way we know we're getting better is if you fill out those surveys.
And we may even send out a survey on what maybe not next month.
I think next month we're kind of locked into a topic based on vacations.
But we're also going to give you that opportunity
to have some say in what might be the September one.
So, thank you for attending.
I hope you are having a fabulous Prime Day.
I know my wife has almost bankrupted me over the last two days.
Hopefully, they're your products.
And until we see you again, thanks for being our client and partner.
