Well, thank you for joining.
Here we are at the May edition of Tech Edge,
the ETail Solutions webinar series
for our clients on how to better utilize
and get more value out of their EVP instance.
With you again this month are myself, Jeff Burkard.
I'm a partner success manager here,
and you may be tired of looking at his face,
but for the third month in a row,
James Davis is our subject matter expert.
James is well-versed in all aspects of the software,
and it is a little bit of a coincidence
that he has been the subject matter expert for the first three.
I guarantee you that you will be seeing some new,
fresher, and better looking faces over the coming months.
This month is a subject that you picked
by filling out the survey at the end of last month's session,
10 features that you need to grow your business,
and 10 features that will help automate your business
and make it easier to run.
And the whole idea is,
how can we make you more efficient doing the basic things
so that you can focus on higher value things
that actually can move the needle for your business?
So without too much more introduction,
James, it's your show.
Yeah, so here are the topics we're gonna run through.
Again, I'm gonna spend about a minute to two minutes
on each topic.
As always, if there's one topic that interests you,
contact your CSM about it,
and you can engage in a more in-depth discussion
about how it can apply to your environment specifically.
Also, please, oh, go ahead.
Put those questions in so that we can address them.
Some of them will be right if they're very specific
to one of these 10 topics while we're in it,
we'll address it.
Otherwise, we'll roll back at the end
during our Q&A session.
As always, please fill out the survey
that we send after the webinar
so we can get your feedback to improve these
and make sure that the topics are relevant
for what you guys are looking for.
And finally, the webinars are recorded
and available on the Help Center,
which you can access via a link
at the top of where you're creating tickets.
After I cover these 10 topics,
Jeff has got a surprise bonus topic
that will be, it's very interesting.
I'm excited about the stuff he's covering
and rolling that out to some of you guys
over the next two quarters.
We'll have Q&A,
and then we'll talk about the next Tech Edge.
As always, ETails' mission is to drive growth and profits
for you guys through the platform.
So again, these tools we are going to cover today
have been developed over a number of years
as we have solved problems for our clients,
turning them into tools to be leveraged by others.
And so the first tool I'm going to cover
is the Amazon Competitive Analysis tool.
This has its own screen with an EVP
and is an Amazon Market Assessment tool.
What it allows you to do is take a list of potential SKUs
with identifying information such as UPC or part number,
search those SKUs on Amazon,
and get results and information about potential ASINs.
So I can see and make a determination on,
is it worth investing to sell this product?
Can I compete?
What will my estimated profit margins be?
What are the buy box prices looking like?
These are all data points you would get
from the Competitive Analysis tool.
You can also see, hey, no one's selling this ASIN
or selling this SKU under this UPC,
so there's potential there to create it.
The main function of this tool is to assess,
can I be competitive on Amazon?
What does the market look like for this particular product set?
The most common use of this tool
is I have a supplier reach out
or I'm looking at a potential supplier.
I can get their catalog information,
run it through this tool and make an evaluation
on whether or not I can compete.
You may make a business decision,
hey, we're going to integrate this supplier,
but we're not going to worry about Amazon,
or you can make the decision, hey, I can't.
Amazon's my driver of most of my revenue.
This SKU, this catalog of SKUs
is going to be very difficult to compete,
so it doesn't make sense to move forward.
Again, this tool helps you analyze
the market conditions on Amazon for specific products
to make a determination on, could I compete?
Should I get involved in that market for that SKU?
The next tool I'm talking about is dynamic restrictions.
Dynamic restrictions are located on the catalog module.
They have their own screen here.
It's a listing management tool
that allows you to prevent the creation of SKUs
that meet certain conditions.
Again, I've brought up selection criteria
during each webinar.
It's used again here.
If an item meets a certain set of conditions,
then it will be restricted on the configured channels.
Again, I can have multiple restrictions
of various conditions and channels,
but what it does is it prevents that,
prevents those SKUs from getting published,
so you can not have to worry
about getting marketplace violations,
brand pull-down notices, things of that nature.
If you create a restriction
and the system finds active listings
that match that restriction,
it will attempt to disable it and pull it down.
We're optimizing that feature set,
so right now I would make sure to manually check
so that everything's pulled down successfully,
but that is the action that is attempted to take.
It is dependent on the marketplace,
how far down we can delist it,
but at a minimum it should start publishing zero,
which will prevent you
from selling on restricted marketplaces.
Again, you can enable this per channel.
You can create restrictions that affect multiple channels,
but you can get very granular in controlling
where I do and do not create listings.
This will affect listing creation processes
like the dynamic automature and the item creators
will work in tandem with this tool and know,
okay, I'm creating listings,
but this item's restricted, so I'm not gonna create it.
Most common usages of this feature
are manufacturer restrictions,
you're onboarding a new supplier,
but you know certain brands can only be sold
on your own website,
so you need to restrict them from third-party marketplaces.
You may also sell hazardous material or liquids
and certain marketplaces don't want to
or the business expense of those orders is too great,
so I wanna restrict them,
but again, if you can think of business scenarios
where you need to make sure
you're not selling certain products in certain places,
the dynamic restriction tool
should certainly be leveraged there.
James, if I'm bringing in a new catalog
and there's a whole manufacturer that I can't sell,
when using the catalog source,
should I restrict it at the time of importing
or filter it out or do it with dynamic restrictions?
What Jeff's asking is if I got a new catalog
and I know part of it's restricted,
when I create the supplier record,
should I just filter those out and not create them at all?
It's really a business decision
on whether you think you're gonna be able
to sell those things in the future.
You can certainly add checks
in the catalog source creation tool
to prevent those listings from being created.
I would add a dynamic restriction
as you know, a double safety in that condition,
but you can restrict it at the catalog source level,
but if you think there's potential to sell it in the future,
I would encourage creating the supplier records
and leveraging the dynamic restriction tool.
Got it.
The third feature that you should be aware about
and be aware about is the eBay D-List ReList tool.
This is a listing publication optimization tool
that promotes the freshness of eBay listings.
60% of eBay's revenue comes from listings
that they see as fresh.
Their indexer optimizes those for visibility.
We've had information provided us through various sources
that after seven days, a listing starts to get suppressed
and after 14 days, it's completely buried.
What impacts freshness is sort of like
the buy box algorithm, there's ideas,
but obviously it's proprietary,
but things like cost changes, adding new images,
title changes all seem to promote the freshness
of a listing which improve its visibility.
Another key aspect is it's on eBay,
you have an eBay item ID.
How old is that item ID?
After a certain age, again, eBay has indicated
that they suppress it.
So getting a new fresh eBay item ID
can help promote listing visibility on eBay.
What the eBay D-List ReList tool does for you
is you set various parameters
about how many I wanna re-list and de-list
and the system does it for you.
We'll take a listing down, republish it,
that will give it a new item ID
and then the idea is that increases its freshness
promoting its visibility.
We've implemented this tool in a number of clients
and we've seen an increase in eBay revenue.
So again, I encourage you to reach out to your CSM
so we can configure this and implement it.
We have various reports to show the impact it's made.
We are working on a refinement
to allow the system to be smart enough
to know when reinsertion fees start to be incurred
and throttle the re-listing.
So right now, if you do enable it,
you'll wanna be aware of your eBay account listing limits
so that you don't incur insertion fees
after you've reached your allotted amount.
But again, this tool is very powerful
in helping drive sales on eBay
and keep your listings fresh so that they're visible.
We kinda know that eBay
is probably not your number one marketplace anymore
unless you're in a very specific catalog automotive typically
but we're always looking for ways
that can increase the growth,
find ways that other people aren't finding to help you grow.
And we're gonna try and package these different services,
couple different eBay things that can juice your sales
into a package to make it easy to go for you to say,
I know it's not big,
but I wanna see if I can boost it by 10, 15, 20%
my eBay business.
So talk to your CSMs.
Yeah, well, to build off of that,
we've got a number of eBay enhancement tools
that we've kind of packaged together
related to re-pricing, this re-list,
delisting, air management.
And so again, reach out to your CSM
to see how we can deploy that trifecta of features
to your eBay environment to try and promote sales.
The fourth topic I'm covering today
is order action rules and tags.
Order action rules and tags are an order management tool.
It allows the sales order screen
to work for you, not against you.
What the order action rules do
is it creates automated behavior based on order conditions.
So you can see here,
it's its own type of selection criteria
but it functions in the very same way.
If an order meets the conditions, we can take an action.
One of the actions you can take is you can add a tag.
There's an unlimited number of tags you can have.
Obviously you don't want too many
but as they lose their function,
but you can add a tag.
When an order meets a condition
and on the sales order screen,
I can filter on all orders that have that tag.
One tag I've seen clients use
is any order over a hundred pounds.
I want a tag added to it
so I can filter on those orders.
Any order with expedited shipping,
I want a tag added to it
so I can filter on those orders.
There are other actions you can take.
You can assign a service level.
Any order that comes in for this SKU on Shopify,
I want to make sure it ships next day air
because I'm having a promotion or something of that nature.
You can also put orders on hold for a period of time
or until they're manually released.
This is a big one for the automotive space.
If I'm selling spark plugs,
I want to make sure the pack quantity is right
or if I'm selling a bumper,
I want to make sure that my shipping cost is covered.
So again, think about the business conditions
that you would like to try and capture
as we pull in orders
and work with your CSM to set up order action rules
to optimize your fulfillment workflow.
There's a variety of conditions we can identify
and a number of actions we can take.
Again, the tags allow for order grouping
and optimized filtering on the sales results screen.
And I discussed some of these common usages,
but the best method is to think about the business scenario,
engage with your CSM,
and they can work towards setting up
multiple order action rules that work for you.
On one of our previous webinars,
we covered the re-pricing at a 101 level,
and I had discussed the re-pricing results screen.
Specifically on the re-pricing results screen,
the buy box percent delta can be very powerful
for re-pricing assessment.
What it allows you to do is look at your price
and how far away you are from the buy box.
So if I'm within 5% of the buy box,
there may be potential for me to compete.
I want to assign those items to a rule with a lower floor
or one that seeks down more aggressively
because there's potential, I'm pretty close.
If I can get my price down a little bit,
I can compete with the buy box.
On the flip side, I can look at items
that are so far from the buy box,
they're not even close, 20% away, 15% away.
And I can think about those SKUs strategically.
Do I kit and bundle them and create a new ASIN?
Do I white label them or do I just kind of, you know,
cut my losses and leave them as they are?
But again, it gives you visibility on groups of SKUs
and how close you are to competing for the buy box price.
And then make strategic decisions
about what pricing strategies you want to apply
to those items.
Again, a very powerful,
the re-pricing results screen has a lot of potential,
but this is definitely a filter you should utilize
when you're looking at your Amazon re-pricing results.
I think when a lot of you look at
your very, very large catalogs,
even the ones that you don't sell often,
and more importantly,
the ones that you literally have
as a consultant six months to a year,
why are we dealing with those on a daily basis?
They take time away from your top 10 or 20% of your products.
Focus on what makes you money.
One usage of this filter client identified the listings
that were really, really out of,
he had an inability to compete,
but he knew they were hot sellers,
so he worked with his supplier to buy them in bulk
at a reduced cost so he could get into that.
Oh, that's great.
He didn't drop ship the item
because the supplier wasn't gonna do it at that cost,
but he was able to go,
hey, this item sells,
but I need it at this cost so I can compete.
He worked out a deal with his supplier
and he was able to start competing on that buy box.
But again, this is an assessment tool
that gives you visibility on,
hey, these SKUs,
I need to apply this strategy
on these really uncompetitive SKUs.
I need to either acknowledge that I'm ignoring them
or apply a creative strategy.
Again, I encourage hits and bundling
because you can create your own ASIN off of that
and then you're the only seller.
So find products that pair together well
that aren't competitive on their own.
Number six, many of you may be familiar with this tool,
but it is very important to be aware of what it can do
and the actions it can take.
The bulk updater is a listing management tool
that allows bulk changes and forced actions.
They're listed on the screen.
There's some trees down each option.
So I'd be familiar with them,
but you can do things like force a price calculation,
force publishing, change listing status, check restrictions.
I've just added a new dynamic restriction.
I select all my Amazon listings, check restriction.
It'll start that process of,
hey, these listings need to be restricted and publish zero.
I'm shipping policy assignment.
I've just added a new shipping template to eBay.
I need to make sure these items that want to use it
are assigned to it, I can do that assessment.
One activity I always encourage is isolate items and error
on a specific channel,
bulk update through existing bulk update force publication
and then check in 48 hour, 24 hours later
and see if any of the error message return.
A lot of times those error messages just go away
and then you can isolate the reoccurring error messages.
Another action, I have a group of listings.
I want to make sure our pricing,
I can isolate them, do a force price calculation
and a force price publishing.
This can be good for new listings that you've just created.
If you don't wanna wait for the background tasks to run,
you can kind of do it yourself here.
So again, the bulk update tool has a lot of potential
and I encourage you to think about using it before.
What I see a lot of times is people
export the sales listing screen,
import it with the catalog source
to do some sort of manipulation that they could have achieved
with the bulk update, saving them some time.
You should also be aware you can update attribute values
with the bulk update tool for multiple listings.
So if I'm using the re-pricing class attribute,
for example, and I wanna change that,
I can select the listings on the screen
and do a bulk update.
Number seven is attribute and category mapping.
Attribute and category mapping allows you
to leverage your catalog data across multiple channels.
So often you will have a content rich channel,
whether that's a content channel
that's sort of a PIM integration or a content channel
like a eBay or Shopify where you've spent
probably hours building your own repertoire of content.
Or you've taken content for Amazon,
but you have a good source channel and you wanna go,
okay, on eBay, I need to provide my own content.
So I'm gonna take information from my content rich channel
and I'm gonna move it onto eBay.
On the screen, you can see an example.
I'm taking the material attribute from Amazon
from the supplier.
So my source is the supplier and that attribute is material
and I'm using it to populate the fabric attribute on Amazon.
So I don't have to go into the Amazon listing
and add an attribute so it has fabric.
It's leveraging my already present data.
This can also apply to categories.
A major area to leverage this is for Walmart,
which doesn't have a native category assignment tool.
So I always encourage my clients to go,
my eBay categories are good or my Shopify categories are good.
Go up to this category mapping tool and it allows you to say,
hey, if this SKU is on Shopify in this category,
put it in this category on Walmart.
And this can help optimize category assignment,
which ultimately results in better search results
as people will go down the search trees of certain categories
and find your product.
Another place to leverage this is the eBay required attribute,
required attributes, certain categories require certain attributes.
You can find a pattern of common ones, color, size, type,
find a source for that data, map it to eBay,
and that addresses that error and prevents it from occurring.
So again, it's a tool to maximize your content
across your various marketplaces.
Number eight, next best fulfillment is an order management tool
that allows you to find the second best solution.
It isn't enabled by default,
so you would need to work with your CSM.
It's just as simple as checking a checkbox,
but then you'll see this next best option
on the change fulfillment method screen.
Common usages of this feature
are routing around bad quantity data.
The suppliers let me know their inventory feeds inaccurate.
The system doesn't know that.
I need to take this group of orders and route them elsewhere.
Or I know that a distribution center
is having a temporary outage for a few hours
and these expedited orders need to ship.
So I select them, find the next best solution.
And another scenario is I'm selling from my stock.
I've got more orders than I can deal with.
I need to make sure that these things
get shipped out on time.
I know I can drop ship them,
select the orders I can't handle,
and I send them to a secondary source.
So again, it's a tool to leverage
when you're finding yourself
in need of a second best solution.
It's a use case tool,
but it is powerful in helping you route orders
and deal with the complexity of order fulfillment
when the best solution is not working out
or can't handle the orders.
Number nine is the item weight priority tool.
What this tool does is it helps you manage your DIMM data
from various sources.
It prioritizes and elevates them
to the master skew details page.
So when you open a skew
and you go to master skew details page
in the top corner, there's DIMM data.
That data is used for estimated shipping.
It's used for when we manifest shipping labels
and used in repricing.
So you wanna make sure it's accurate
and of the highest quality.
Now you may have initial DIMM data
provided by the supplier,
but as you ship stuff,
you get more accurate data into the system
and what the item weight priority tool lets you do
is assess multiple sources of DIMM data,
prioritize them,
and then slowly select from the best source available.
This is important to have in place
if you're using native shipping.
It's important to have in place
to get accurate estimated shipping costs.
A big problem I see is suppliers
tell you how big the item is.
So you have that DIMM data,
but that's not how big it is when it's in a box.
So your estimated shipping's off.
So as you aggregate better and better DIMM data,
you get better and better estimated shipping,
which means you can compete
and optimize your profitability.
The last area where this is...
Go ahead, John.
Oh, I was just gonna say that
beyond your actual product cost,
I think we're all starting to understand
unless you are not operationally excellent
in the way you manage your shipping
and your weights and your DIMM weights
and the way you work with your carriers
to get your estimates,
it is tough to make money.
This is just another tool to better manage your costs
to make sure that every shipment
that goes out the door is profitable.
Another powerful tool that's been slowly rolling out
into EVP is cartonization.
And accurate DIMM data is key for cartonization.
In a brief summary, cartonization allows you to say,
I have these set of boxes, they cost me this much
and they're this big in terms of volume.
The system then, when processing an order,
goes, hey, this order has four SKUs,
they'll all fit in this box, ship them in this box.
Or you have four SKUs,
you're gonna have to use two boxes
because of the way the volume works out.
And then you can optimize your order flow
because the system's prompting the worker
or the order fulfillment person,
hey, I don't need to think about what box to use,
the system's telling me.
And then the cost of that box
has worked into your profitability.
So there's a lot of potential with cartonization
that starts with leveraging quality DIMM data
and the item weight priority tool
is the mechanism to get there.
And although cartonization will be probably
its own webinar topic in the future,
that situation where it created two boxes,
we can band those together
so that you only have one origination fee.
Number 10, monitors and alerts.
So as you're aware, we have background systems
monitoring the system performance at all times.
We send out alerts periodically
when we notice disruptions in behavior,
but you can also get visibility on your system performance
with these monitoring tools.
Specifically with issues,
you will see the issues screen below orders.
It's under leveraged in my experience
with a lot of clients
because there's so much information on it.
It gives you listing errors, it gives you task errors,
it can be hard to digest.
The solution to that is for you
to work with your CSM and isolate important errors
to know about.
A big one is inventory files failing to load from an FTP.
That causes a very specific error that we track.
We will create an issue,
but we can also send out email alerts to specific users.
If you have a fulfillment manager
and orders are failing to send or import,
that's an error message we can track for
and email users about so that they're aware
that there's something going on with tasks
that needs to be addressed
that's preventing optimized order flow.
Next, we have monitors.
Monitors track overall task performance.
So again, an issue is looking for a specific error message.
Monitors track the average volume load of that task
and will note spikes in it.
It will note task failures.
There's more to come on monitors.
We'll have a webinar session on it
with our monitor, Smee, Aaron Peck.
But again, talk to your CSM.
I encourage you to leverage issues
and see where that can benefit your team
and then move on to looking at monitors.
We are exposing that more and more.
We have some customers setting up their own monitors,
but again, work with your CSM,
focus on issue alerts first,
and then see where monitors might make sense for you as well.
Those are my 10 topics.
As noted in the agenda, Jeff, it's a surprise for us.
And now, drum roll, please,
something that a lot of you've been asking for
for a couple of years now,
we are happy to announce that ETail
is migrating to a browser.
We already have certain roles already migrated over,
and this is in production use in some of our new clients.
Today, the way we're migrating it,
we're taking roles and moving them over.
So there still may be things that you need to do
in your traditional EVP legacy platform.
There may be some things that you will always do in EVP.
System admin kind of level functions
are some very high-end power user kind of functions.
But for the people that just need to deal with the data
to do their normal daily task,
a CSM on order management person,
a somebody who handles the shipping and manifesting,
we're starting to roll out specific roles
to some of our newer clients.
And now we're gonna start talking to our current clients
about are there potential areas of their business
they would like to roll out.
Why don't we go to the next one?
And along with that, we are working on some functionality
where we're gonna be offering a standalone product
for new clients in the near future,
not formally announced yet.
So hopefully all of you are under NDA,
but we're calling it ideal order
that we're on every single order.
We're looking at, did it ship from the right location?
Was the right packaging used?
Was the right carrier used?
Was the right service level used?
Did all the documentation get included?
Did it ship on time?
Did it arrive on time?
We're tracking all those individual items per order
to tell you if an order was ideal
and did it meet your profit goals for that order?
And we're calling that ideal order.
Next one, we'll even look at,
oh, I'm sorry, it was on the bottom of that one.
I had a little bit of my screen in the way,
which I shall move.
For this client, they shipped the massive thing
because it was supposed to ship from a location
only 190 miles away from the client, excuse me,
140 miles and ended up shipping 814 miles.
That raised their shipping costs by $122
and lowered their net income by over 13%.
The product itself, the total sale is $900,
kind of to be expected when the shipping by itself is 122.
But in looking at all their sales over a period of time,
by not having inventory in the right place,
they've lost as much as $60,000.
And we're identifying that.
And then we can go into remediation phase
to recapture some of that lost net income.
And so stay tuned and talk to your CSM
if you'd be interested in bringing this into your house.
And that's the major new news for this new application.
And we look forward.
We think it's got a great look
and it's gonna be of great benefit to our clients.
Question and answer.
And thank you very much for submitting these.
Jason, you're gonna have to think
because they're gonna go all the way back to near the top.
How do I get the eBay delist relist tool?
How do you get it?
You let your CSM know you're interested.
You'll go through a quick survey
to evaluate the appropriate settings.
Then the CSM will coordinate enabling those jobs
and you monitor the reports.
So how do you get it?
Technically, you already have it.
You just gotta work with your CSM
to get it up and running.
Okay, question number two.
Is there an eBay automatic automature
to get more listings?
Say that one again.
Is there an eBay automature to get more listings?
So eBay's a marketplace where you're not competing.
So you cannot find other sellers
and attach to their eBay listing.
So there isn't a dynamic automature for eBay.
There is an eBay item creator which can create listings
under a certain publishing template
and get those listings on eBay,
but there isn't a automature
because you're not linking to other people's listings.
You would wanna leverage the item creator
to assess a supplier source or an ETL record
to create your own eBay listing.
Under order action rules,
can I use it to put new channel orders on hold
for a few hours while allowing for a cancellation window?
Absolutely, so an order action rule can be set up
for a channel, any order from that channel,
any order plus a skew from that channel.
And then you do have the option
to have a hold be automatically released
after a configured delay.
So you could definitely configure it
to hold the order for an hour or two
during the cancellation window
and then automatically release
for normal order fulfillment afterwards.
There was a question on monitoring.
Can a monitor be built to alert me
if a supplier inventory failed to load
or wasn't there to load at all?
I would assess that from an issue perspective.
Again, a issue is looking for a specific type of failure.
So bad credentials to an FTP
will cause a specific type of error.
No file being found will cause a specific type of error.
So you can get an alert from an issue
for supplier data imports.
Monitors would look at,
oh, the file size is greatly reduced
so that task isn't doing nearly as much as it was
or it's doing way more than it used to.
But the end goal there is you get alerted
when there's issues with inventory
that could be achieved, yes.
And if we don't answer any of these questions
to your satisfaction,
we're available to have a more direct and nuanced discussion
about what you're actually hoping to accomplish.
And this might be the last one
and I'm not really surprised that it showed up.
When will the web UI be released?
And can I use it for my customer service team?
I think we're gonna be doing this pretty much
on a one-off basis where we work with you
to see if the elements that we've already migrated over
fit your actual use case.
Clearly when you're in the legacy system,
you can go from here to there to there to there.
Right now, since we're moving over very discreet functions,
we wanna make sure that your use fits within what's migrated
so that they're not bouncing between systems.
But yeah, probably early third quarter,
maybe even late this quarter,
we can start having meaningful discussions
about if you're really interested,
we're gonna sound like a broken record,
please work with your CSM.
I covered all these topics at a high level
to get through them, make you aware of them.
I encourage getting your CSM on the line
to discuss your specific use needs.
But we isolated these features
because they are important to know about.
And again, we built them over years of working
with various customers in the e-commerce space
and found that these types of tools are needed
for the various business conditions that occur.
And if there's no more questions and I'm monitoring right now,
we're gonna start talking about next month.
Next month, it will be on the second Wednesday of the month.
I know we're on the third, that's our fault.
We didn't get the email out in time,
we didn't get the landing page out in time
and we decided that rather than doing a half bad job,
we would just push it off a week.
I'm glad you were able to attend,
but it is the second Wednesday of the month.
And the banner at the bottom represents last month,
we sent out a survey shortly after the webinar,
giving you three choices for this month, May.
And there's the results on the bottom.
This was the topic that you wanted to hear about
by a wide margin.
So once again, we will send out a survey, it will go to you.
If you respond, you have the ability to tell us
what is most important for next month.
And that's what the topic will be.
If I don't get another question in the next few seconds,
I'm gonna say we're gonna wrap up a few minutes early
and say, thank you, thanks for coming.
Our goal is to make you a better merchant,
a more knowledgeable merchant,
both about the marketplaces and about EVP
so that you can absolutely impact your success
and get things even going better, faster, bigger, higher.
Thank you.
Thank you.
