I would like to thank you all for attending
the first Tech Edge that ETail is sponsoring.
This is gonna become a monthly webinar series
to help you guys grow your business.
I hope you're seeing that we're trying to make this
a new ETail with higher engagement,
more focus on what's gonna help you
run your business better, grow your business,
and hopefully grow it more profitably.
It will be, we're gonna cover this at the end,
but it is gonna be every month,
the second Wednesday of the month.
And we'll be talking about new features, new modules.
Very possibly we'll be talking about topics
that you ask us to talk about.
So mark it on your calendars now.
1 p.m. East Coast, noon central,
and 10 a.m. West Coast time,
and 11 a.m. for the mountain people
will be the monthly ETail e-commerce Tech Edge
hosted by me, Jeff Burkhardt.
And every month I will have a new
or the appropriate subject matter expert with me.
And with that, we're off.
One thing I think that we need to talk about more internally,
although we bring this up at every company meeting,
which we hold monthly,
is there's only one reason why we're really here.
And it is to help you guys grow
and really focus on making sure that you grow profitably.
That is the only use for our platform
is to help you drive your business.
And we're gonna find ways to enable you
to do that more efficiently,
find ways for you to do that,
not necessarily asking us to do everything for you,
but educating you and helping you use the system better.
So with that in mind,
I am your host.
And with me today is one of the many, many, many Davises
that we have in the organization, James.
James was gonna actually wanted to get a question
on the poll, which we'll be showing at the end of the,
at the end of the session,
there will be a survey for you to fill out.
And one of the questions is,
is James better in a comb-over or a better ball?
So you have your two options on the screen
to take a look at right now,
please vote at the end in the survey at the end.
Today, we're gonna be talking about catalog source.
How this tool effectively and efficiently
helps you get new data sources into ETL
in a safe, automated way very quickly.
Future sessions, the sky's the limit.
What do you wanna learn about?
We have a full laundry list of things
that we wanna talk about
on the second Wednesday of every month,
but we've polled our internal team.
Is it pricing?
Is it taking the next layer down in catalog source?
Or is there a topic that you want us to talk about
and we're gonna listen.
We're gonna get much better at listening.
God gave us two ears and one mouth for a very good reason.
So once again, thank you for coming.
And now James, can you talk about the agenda
just for a minute or two?
Yeah, so we did a little intro
to the webinar series in the house, me and Joe.
The next slide, I'm gonna spend some time
talking about what is a catalog source
and why you should care,
give you some example usages.
After that, we're going to go through a basic use case
and set up of a catalog source to import quantity.
Then we will look at various applications
of the catalog source,
where it can be utilized,
what it's used for in various business scenarios,
have some time for Q and A
and then set some goals for the next Tech Edge
and do a poll on the next topics
and wrap it up from there.
One thing I wanna add is we're gonna make this video
available to everyone as a digital asset.
You'll be getting a link to it
so that you can either rewatch it yourself
or share with other teammates that maybe couldn't make today.
We are aware that the second Wednesday of March
happened to be a Jewish holiday
and we still wanted to go forward with this date,
but we do understand that those that are very strong
in their faith maybe can't make it today.
So we are gonna make it available and please sit down.
We're actually gonna provide documentation
to go along with this.
James is gonna go a little bit more at a very high level
over some of the use cases for catalog source
and then we'll get into more visual representation
of what you do.
So I picked the catalog sources and initial topic to work on
because it is the main tool
to manage your catalog content,
whether that's rich attribute data or quantity or pricing,
but it is the main tool to handle external data
is it's getting imported into EVP
and a lot of the functions you can achieve
with catalog source, if you can manage
and set them up on your own,
you can eliminate the need to get your CSM
to do it for you, which allows you to set up,
for example, a supplier at a much reduced cost
because you're doing the work to set up 75% of it
with the catalog source.
Again, the catalog source is a tool
to import external data while also analyzing it
and doing some checks and balances.
Obviously your EVP catalog is,
you want that to be very clean and organized
and when you're importing data,
historically it could be very easy to mess up your catalog
with the catalog source tool.
That's not as much of a risk.
It's designed to handle flat files,
CSV, XML, text.
We do work with APIs that build files,
but again, I have external data I need to deal with
and I want it in my system to be utilized somehow.
This is the tool you want to know,
be very familiar with so you can deal
with that business scenario.
I know that a while back we had a client
that literally had hundreds and hundreds
of non-integrated dropship suppliers
and during their implementation time period,
they got up to speed on catalog source very, very quickly
and during their implementation period,
created, took 350 of those dropship suppliers
and turned them into fully integrated suppliers for themselves.
For the brands out there,
there are just as many reasons to use catalog source,
whether it's doing some additional content
or high quality content.
There's working with 3PL or fulfillment partners.
There are hundreds of uses for catalog source.
Some basic rundown of a catalog source usage scenario
is you get external data,
you load that data into a catalog source,
which I like to think of as a loading dock.
You apply mappings, you add mappings to the catalog source
and what a mapping is, is a bridge.
I'm saying this external data, I have this field
and that means this in EVP and you're building that linkage.
So if I have a skew in the external file,
I tell it that this is the channel skew in EVP
or if this attribute equates to this attribute
or this MPN is actually not the one in my system,
so I'm just gonna load it as an attribute.
So you build those mappings, you then analyze and validate.
The analyze and validate step looks at the external data
and checks that UPCs are valid,
runs through any analysis mappings you have,
which can do things like check if the price
is below a certain amount,
look for keywords and titles that need to be excluded.
But again, it's vetting the data bit.
Then you apply the maps.
Applying the maps builds that bridge
that you've kind of outlined in setting up the mappings
and links and attempts to link the external data
to an internal skew in EVP so that you have a clean bridge.
So you know ahead of time,
when I click step four and import this data,
I know where it's gonna go and what it's gonna do.
Again, that's the real power behind a catalog source
is you can preview the behavior of the import
before you do so,
so you're not scrambling to clean up something
if a column was off or whatnot.
And then lastly, you can import the data
and then if there's a need for it,
you set up an automation so we can regularly import things
like cost updates, quantity, new images, stuff like that.
And that all comes to play
when you automate the catalog source.
All right, get ready James.
I'm going to make you the new host
as soon as I hit the correct button again
and you have the ball.
So there you go.
As of right now, I don't see a lot of questions coming in.
When they do come in,
if they're pertinent to what we're covering right at this
moment, we may insert them in,
but we are gonna have a time near the end
where we can handle those questions.
Any questions that we don't get to
or any questions that are very, very specific
to maybe some catalog sources you're currently running
or very unique problems to something that you're doing,
please discuss with your CSM.
We're here, we're here to help
and we're on the line to kind of understand
what are our clients thinking
and how can we help them better utilize this tool?
Yes, and again, our goal here is to pique your interest,
give you some surface level details.
The documentation I've written up
goes into a bit more detail.
But again, this is to get you thinking about
how can I utilize catalog sources in creative ways?
Some of you may be familiar with its usage
as a supplier integration mechanism,
but there's a lot of different ways.
So again, this is to show you the basics
so that you can kind of go,
hey, I've learned a bit about it.
Do you think we could do this?
And then you have a conversation with your CSM
and we can see what we can achieve.
So as you log into EDP,
you're always welcome to the sales order screen
where you see your lovely sales.
To navigate to the catalog source screen,
you go to the catalog module
and then you go to catalog sources.
First thing you're gonna notice
is that they are channel specific.
When you're utilizing a catalog source,
you're updating the data on a specific channel.
You can create a new catalog source up here.
You can create them from marketplaces
or for your ETail channel
or for your various supplier channels.
So in this case, I'm gonna create a new one.
Just gonna get rid of our test one.
I'm gonna do new catalog source
and I'm gonna select from a file.
You're gonna see this window here.
You're gonna hit the spy glass
that's gonna allow you to find that external data.
I like to use the metaphor of this external data
as a truckload of information
and I don't wanna just throw it from my truck
into my warehouse.
I wanna bring it onto a loading dock,
organize it, understand it
and then move it into my warehouse.
So my warehouse stays nice and organized.
Again, your EDP catalog,
you want as pristine as possible
because in the e-commerce world, content is king.
And so if your content isn't up to par
being kept updated,
as you all know, you have struggles.
So I select the file
and I'm gonna get a preview here.
I'm gonna hit this configure button
and here you have various options.
The main ones you'll probably utilize
are telling it how that file is delimited.
As you can see here, we have a number of options.
You're also going to typically indicate
that your file has column headers.
So I can see here,
I have a column header for these various fields
but it's not the first row.
So I'm going to skip the first row
and say the first row I don't skip has headers.
I hit okay, you'll see this preview.
Again, this is a preview of the catalog source
showing you what the headers are
and everything looks parsed correctly.
So I'm gonna hit save.
By default catalog source will be named
the same as the file you used to create it.
Once you've created the initial catalog source,
you'll be welcomed by this screen
showing you that it's loading the data.
Again, at this point, we're putting the data,
we're taking the data off of that truck
and putting it onto a loading dock so we can organize it.
Once the data is loaded,
you come to this screen and you hit refresh tab
and you'll see the data.
There's a rule of thumb.
Everything in this yellow is the external data.
It looks like if you did this a few times,
almost everybody could learn how to use this
with just a few practice times.
It's pretty straightforward.
Yeah, yeah.
And again, I picked this topic
because the more familiar with the catalog source
and the more comfortable you are using it,
the more empowered you are to A, manage your catalog
and B, diagnose a lot of issues.
I get a lot of people asking,
they submit tickets, hey, inventory didn't update.
It takes you five seconds to check this automation time
and go, oh, we didn't get a file.
I didn't need to reach out or create a support ticket.
I just needed to understand how the catalog source works
and then I can check it myself
and I can go, oh, we didn't get a file.
I need to reach out to the supplier to get file.
They've stopped putting it on the FTP.
Perfect, yeah.
So after you've loaded your data,
you're gonna come to this columns tab
and you establish your mappings.
Again, a mapping is a bridge.
I'm saying, this is my external data.
What does that mean in EVP?
So in this case, I know that the skew is the skew.
And for example, we're just gonna load quantity.
So I know that the supplier stock is the quantity.
But again, you have all these options.
I would learn and get familiar
with all of the mapping options you have available
because again, these are the bridges I can build
between external data and what it means in EVP.
You have a lot of options in various areas.
Getting familiar with these mapping options
will be very helpful for you and your team.
Once you've set up your mappings,
you're gonna save and close and reopen the catalog source.
Now on the mappings tab, you will see your mappings.
One mapping I wanna call out,
you can change the map type to a custom script.
A custom script allows us to achieve a lot of complexity
when we're handling data, some example usages.
The supplier doesn't provide a very good title.
So I wanna combine multiple fields to make a title.
The supplier provides their wholesale costs,
but I get a discounted rate.
So I need to take a percentage off of the value in the file.
Those are just two examples.
But again, the custom script allows you to achieve
a lot of complexity within the catalog source
when dealing with the data.
So never shy away from asking the question to your CSM.
Hey, do you think we can do this?
Because the answer is probably we can work
with the development team to build a custom script
that does do that.
So it doesn't just have to be your dealing with raw data.
You can manipulate it as you're importing it.
Remember, you can ask questions at any time.
Our other CSMs, Jason and James,
or excuse me, Jeff Baker are reviewing those
and trying to get the right ones to me at the right time.
One nuance with quantity loading
is you do have to define a location.
So that's what I'm doing here.
I'm spelling at what location that quantity goes to.
So once you've set up your mappings,
you're gonna do actions, analyze data.
This is just gonna scan the data at a very high level.
There is an analysis mapping option
which can do various checks, such as,
and often if the UPC starts with five zeros,
I don't wanna import it.
That's part of the analysis check.
I'm also gonna be told the max length
of the values in that field.
So if one of these says my title is 10,000 characters long,
I know there's probably some issue with my data.
And that's good, I've checked it.
I've identified an issue before I've imported it.
Again, within the catalog source, you're in a loading dock.
So you're not corrupting your EVP catalog at this point.
You're identifying the flaws in your data ahead of time.
So we're just gonna let this analyze
a little bit, a few more seconds.
Well, you're letting it analyze, James.
How do you form...
How do formatting map errors alert you?
And will this cause all data to not load
or only the specific fields that were incorrect?
Well, I think you're asking is if the analysis check
determines something's invalid, does it get imported?
Okay.
And the answer would be no.
Okay.
So for example, it happens a lot with UPC,
the system detects that a UPC in the external data
is invalid, that is identified during the analysis check
and it doesn't let you import that invalid UPC.
If you don't have a mapping for a field,
there's no bridge, so the data is left alone.
It's not imported.
So in this case, I'm ignoring all this data
and I'm just importing the quantity by matching on this view.
Got it.
And remember, if we don't get to your question right away,
we're gonna be covering as many as we can
during the question and answer session.
And at the end of James,
just kind of running through this right now.
One thing I like to emphasize
when training people on the catalog source
is you have four options for creating a link.
Well, you technically have five options.
Creating a link from the external data to a SKU
or a master SKU and EVP,
because that's the real first step
is telling the system what SKU and the EVP
I need to be updating.
And so your options are SKU,
you can match on the channel SKU,
you can match on the master SKU,
you can match on a UPC, a part number,
or an attribute.
If you wanna match on those beyond master SKU and SKU,
you would configure that here.
And again, that allows you to build that bridge
between the external data and what it is in EVP.
So on step three,
we're actually gonna try and apply the maps
that we've set up and build that bridge.
What I also like to emphasize is these first three steps,
you're relatively safe.
You're not gonna corrupt your EVP catalog
by doing these first three steps.
They are contained within that loading stage.
So when apply maps,
you can see here the results of that.
I'm matching on SKU, which is good.
Again, yellow is external data.
Green is telling me,
the green section is telling me,
okay, this is the channel SKU.
And again, I'm on a specific channel.
And then this is the master SKU
and these look could be correct.
There's no numbers line up.
So this is where you can check your results
before you import,
which is really powerful because again,
it lets you find flaws in your data.
It lets you see,
hey, I'm not matching on a bunch of stuff.
Does that mean the data is wrong?
Or do I have potential SKUs I can create?
Yeah, the last thing you wanna do
is corrupt your catalog in EVP.
Typically you have to reach out to your CSM
and have them help you fix it,
which is distracting from growth driving business.
So once you've applied the maps,
you'll see the matches,
you'll see where it didn't match.
This screen here is exportable
and can be exported into Excel.
So you can kind of filter out,
identify stuff that didn't match,
do various layers of manipulation if needed.
After it's applied the maps,
you would do action step four,
which would load the data
to the record it's built a bridge to.
If I, I'm gonna let this run,
let's go take a second.
I'm gonna cover the settings really quick.
Again, I talked about the matching.
This allows us to match to data points
beyond SKU and master SKU.
The other section you're gonna be wanna,
going to want to be familiar with
is the create and update.
I cover this a bit more in depth
on the documentation that we will provide,
but essentially think of catalog items as master SKUs.
Do I wanna create or update master SKUs?
You should be familiar with master SKU level details
like a master, a title, UPC, UOM information.
Those are all stored at the master SKU level.
Then do I wanna create or update channel records?
This is typically attributes, images, stuff like that.
A channel record can be a supplier record
or a marketplace record.
But again, if I need to create a channel record,
I have to have a master SKU.
So, but this will control how we update
or create master SKUs and SKUs.
So as I applied map, we're almost done there.
You would do action step four and load the data,
which we may or may not get to.
But that's the very basics.
You're getting your external data,
you're importing it to a catalog source,
you're establishing your mappings,
you're applying your mappings and analyzing the results
and then you're importing the data.
And again, the power behind the catalog source
is once you've set it up, you can automate it.
So if that file is regularly available,
you can set up automation so we pull that file.
You also have the ability to check the data
before you import it,
which when setting up a new catalog for a new supplier is huge.
And again-
So James, just let me reiterate,
in these 10, 12 minutes, we've taken an external file,
brought it in DVP, corrected it,
analyzed it, created our mappings
and imported 21,000 new items into our catalog
that once you have the quantity or the,
you said what you wanna do in the pricing,
you got 20,000 new products up on your sales channels,
ready to go.
Yeah, I mean, if we were creating supplier records here,
you'd get your item creators to run
and yeah, you could add 21,000 new listings for each channel.
Fantastic.
And again, I emphasize that getting familiar
with the catalog source,
A, allows you to set up flat file suppliers on your own
and B, diagnose what's going on
with the automation that's been set up.
Okay, another quick question for you.
How does it work when a supplier's inventory record
drops from their feed?
Will it expire the inventory and set it to zero?
So if somebody had a hundred items in their normal feed
and now there's only 99.
Yeah, you can configure the system to behave in various ways
when that occurs.
So in the availability section you've seen here,
if I check expire and after days,
if the specific SKU has not had quantity loaded
from this file in three days,
we will expire the inventory.
So if you'll want to expire right away,
I would check the box and leave it at zero.
You can also define behavior for if no file is found.
So the supplier stops dropping off a file,
we can expire everything
if we don't find a file after X amount of days.
So you do have options to expire availability
if the row is dropped from the file.
So it sounds like we thought of everything.
If you can think of the example,
we're gonna cover it somehow.
Okay.
Yeah.
James, why don't you throw it back over to me?
Sounds good.
Okay, this is the one thing we have to figure out
as we do these monthly
to be a little bit more efficient
in the passing of the baton, but we'll get better.
We also would be on saying what we should do
in these webinars,
give us suggestions on how we can get better.
This is our first one.
I know I'm just killing it,
and I'm kind of dragging James along,
but what can we do to make this more interesting,
more pertinent, or just more enjoyable?
I can tell jokes.
Some of the uses, we did the demo,
some of the real uses,
let's think about how to use it.
We've given you literally how easy it is to use.
I don't think any of you that were at novices
coming in today would consider yourself experts,
but you now understand what the power is.
One of our future sessions may give you
additional tools and techniques on how to use this,
but now you know what it's for
and how you can use it for your business.
You can import content, images
to improve the quality of your listings.
You can set up those supplier integrations
for inventory level information.
Nobody likes to have their ODR go down
because they ran out of inventory
in their dropship suppliers,
and you want to be able to sell at a price
that's a good price for you.
Win the buy box, but make some profit, make some margin.
James, you can probably address the last bullet point
a little bit better than I can.
Yeah, so again, content, supplier integrations
are the primary ways in which catalog sources are used,
and another way they can be used
is with the active inventory option.
So on marketplaces, instead of using an external file,
I can build a file based on the active inventory
on that marketplace.
So what you would see in the new catalog source dropdown
on a channel like Amazon is an option
to choose active inventory.
That uses the API connection to build a file
of everything that's existing out on the marketplace
that's active at that point in time,
and allows you to do a comparison of what's going on in EVP.
Historically, people would have to export something
from EVP, export something from the marketplace,
put Excel files right next to each other.
With the active inventory catalog source,
you can do that comparison within the application,
and then take action without having to go from a file
to Excel to a file to an application.
You can do all that assessment in comparison with an EVP.
I've seen a lot of creative usages with that.
One example is you can diagnose and make sure
that shipping templates are in sync,
and identify items that are potentially having issues
that are making them inactive.
Okay, and we're getting towards the end of our time
with you as much as we're enjoying it.
We're in that question and answer session,
and I'm not gonna use any names here,
but can you use the catalog source to create variant groups
and assign your various items to the variant group?
Great question.
It is a good question.
I've worked, the SME of variations on our team is Heather.
I do believe that the catalog source can be utilized
to set up variations in child-parent relationships.
Okay, obviously for more information, contact your CSM,
and if we need to have Heather jump on the call
or answer a few more questions, we'll figure that out.
Here's another one we have.
Can the catalog source be used to automate marketing data
that is sitting on a supplier FTP site?
For example, supplier gives us marketing data weekly.
Can we automatically grab the new file and load it in the VP?
I mean, usually when we talk about automate,
we're talking hourly, daily.
What about setting them up a week apart?
Yeah, the schedules can be set to any sort of cadence.
Yes, you could import marketing data
from suppliers on a weekly basis.
You would also wanna look at and work with your CSM
on utilizing the attribute mappings
so that that data as it's updated on the supplier record
gets pushed up to the marketplace to supplier lists
or sales listings.
But you could definitely pull a file from an FTP
or have them drop it off on ours, import it weekly,
and that updates attribute level marketing details.
And then if you have attribute maps,
which essentially take an attribute from one channel
and populate it on another,
that would automatically be updated and republished
as that content is imported.
Okay, here's gonna be a really good one.
How do you pull current catalog sources
and their mapping already in EVP
so that you can use this as a template?
So I think I'm gonna answer this question correctly.
If I set up a catalog source
and I have a bunch of intricate mappings
with custom scripts and whatnot,
and I wanna reuse those mappings
and a different catalog source,
you can export mappings
and re-import them on other catalog sources.
So the mappings can be exported into a map file
and then re-import it on a different catalog source.
Perfect.
And will the catalog source replace the MCIs in the future?
Is it possible to add MCIs functionality
into the catalog source?
By the way, James,
I don't know, it's an appropriate question for some of these.
What I would wanna know is the things you're doing
with the MCI that you can't do with the catalog source
because I haven't run into that scenario very often.
You can pretty much,
we would like to see you use the catalog source
more and more again,
because it has that checks and balances.
The MCI has its purpose in its place,
but I always try and use the catalog source first.
So I'd want more details
on what you aren't able to achieve
with the catalog source that you are with the MCI.
So a great example of reach out directly to your CSM,
have that very thorough discussion
about what you're trying to do,
how you're using the MCIs,
and how we would do that same,
those same set of functions in the catalog source,
or what do you believe might be missing?
But a very good question.
I would just end with, on that note,
I'll move on to the next question.
Okay.
Do you know when some listings fail to be created?
We always have to fix the column,
mostly authorized or manufacturing alignment issues
when we manually create the listings,
but ETL doesn't really show us such details.
I guess that question is already being answered.
So look forward in your chat box,
because one of our CSMs has jumped onto that one.
What if there are a bunch of product categories
or a certain manufacturer, I don't want to load.
Can I block the manufacturer or category from loading?
Yeah, absolutely.
Again, the analysis mapping allows you to set up
various if-then statements.
So if I meet this condition, then I don't import.
You can look for strings of text.
You can look at the starting string and say,
hey, if it starts with this,
you can look within the whole field and find a string.
So there's a lot of options to exclude data
as it's getting imported,
and only importing the data that you want
from the external file.
Perfect.
I think-
Oh, I remember what I was gonna say.
If you left with processes that utilize the MCI
from historical processes that you just left with,
I would revisit those with your CSM
to evaluate whether it makes sense to transition them.
Okay.
And one last question before we move on.
Can the catalog import match with bulk image uploads
if naming title schemes are followed?
Not sure I follow the question.
I think what they're asking is,
can I bulk import images
if the title of the image is the same?
I'm gonna ask you to follow up with your CSM on that one,
but thank you for the question.
What I would say is you can configure the catalog source
to either update or add images.
So you can replace images
or you can add it as a secondary image.
Okay.
So next month, second Wednesday,
1 p.m. Eastern time,
you figure out the time adjustment for your time zone.
You'll be getting an email.
You're gonna get invited again and please register.
Even I know that sometimes the reminders
or the final link can end up in your spam folder.
So if you don't see the info,
please look in that spam folder.
And while we have a series of these webinars planned out,
we want you to direct us to where we go.
If in your survey or through your conversations
in your meetings with their CSM,
we see other topics that are of higher value
to a greater number of people,
we will be more than happy to provide webinars on that.
I want you to remember to fill,
please fill out your survey at the end of the session.
If you don't fill it online, you're gonna get an email.
Also, before the beginning of every next webinar,
we're gonna actually take a poll
to judge the expertise level of the people attending
and we can dial in how we present the information.
We do wanna thank you
for attending the first of TechEdges.
We do wanna make a difference in your business.
We do wanna become your most valuable tool
in your organization.
And we will do anything and everything,
well, almost everything we can do to make that happen.
All your CSMs are around this afternoon.
If you wanna fire them an email,
we can cover this in your weeklies or monthlies.
But thank you for attending.
Please fill out the survey.
And James, do you have any parting wise words
for the people that attended today?
Okay, no wise words.
Learn about the mapping options on catalog sources
and I look forward to seeing you guys next time.
Perfect.
So a tool that's there,
that is, I think everybody will recognize
is much easier to use than anybody thought
that can improve your business,
increase your catalog size
and allow you to find ways to grow your business.
Major wins in all ways.
And with that, James and I are gonna sign off.
Until next time, adios.
